SPEAKER 0
so I can find it. Welcome everyone. Uh you are in the right place if you're a student in E. C. S. 34 61 We're expecting students from section B to be in this class meeting. Although the announcement we sent out invited students from Section 8 to come to section B and Vice Versa. So we're not going to be particularly choosy about that. The purpose of this first class meeting is just to like get things started and get things underway. So let me continue here. So here is a intellectual property notice. You'll see that this will appear in all of the materials that we're going to post and talk about that's being recorded and this is just reminding everyone of their rights. Um So in a nutshell you can't record this lecture and just posted on your own because we manage and I the content creators own the copyright. So um I don't think you'll need to do that because we're going to post the recordings and we'll post all the course materials also on the E class site before starting the course. It's really important that we take a moment to reflect on our location in time and space etcetera. So um I will start the class with the land acknowledgment. So this meeting is taking place online and because of that we're not actually gathered in the same physical space. I suspect many of us are in Toronto but certainly not all of us and not everyone is even in Canada here at the moment. So the Land acknowledgment that york university uses makes certain assumptions that we're all together on the campus and that doesn't hold right now in our new covid world. So I'm going to start by asking each of you to think about the territory upon which your situated and if you're in Canada right now to think about whether you're on what's called ceded territory or unseated territory, so unseated territory is not subject to a treaty because it still is under the autonomy and control of our first nation. Um but if you are on ceded territory, that means it is subject to a treaty agreement and huge parts of Canada are so we know the treaty holders for the area upon which york is located, but that will not necessarily hold where you are. So take a moment to understand that you're on land that's subject to a treaty and who the treaty holders are. As a faculty member and instructor of this course and a member of york university. I recognize that many indigenous nations have longstanding relationships with the territories upon which york university campuses are located. And these relationships certainly precede the establishment of your university and perceive the establishment of Canada as a nation state. In fact. So we acknowledge our presence on the traditional territory of many indigenous nations. The area known as Toronto has been care taken by the spanish Novik nation, the hood in a shiny confederacy, the Huron Wenda and then 80 it is now home to many indigenous peoples. We acknowledge the current treaty holders who are the Mississauga of the credit first Nation. We acknowledge that this territory is subject of the dish with one spoon wampum belt agreement which is an agreement to peaceably share and care for the Great Lakes region. So with this initial position of reflection of who we are and what we're doing, we're going to start to get into some of the logistics of the course. And the first thing we're going to announce is that this is a team taught course. So you were in section B there's another section called section A and the two sections together are going to be taught by a single team and that team consists of instructors and th so to start we're gonna introduce ourselves and I'm gonna pass the floor to Mana who will go first with the introduction. Thank you. Hi everyone and welcome to this forest. My name is Mona lisa and you can call me Mano. Um so I'm a master student um in computer science at york and I am almost graduating. Um I have ta discourse a couple of times when they instructed with professor Boco and it's definitely an honor for me to be working alongside the guarantee and team teaching this course. Um I hope we can all learn from each other during the semester and have a good one. Mm. Yeah, I really like that that we can learn from each other. I also I feel like it's not just in one direction but the teaching term always is learning a lot from the students. So my name is Melanie Belco. I'm a faculty member in the department here. I have taught this course many times in the past although it feels like a quite different course each time because it's always been changed and revised. I am a researcher. I mean a researcher position. Other faculty members are in what's called teaching stream positions but the researcher position means that I spent approximately half my time doing my research and the other half on teaching activities and I really aim to try to bring the research focus the research part of my work into the teaching, especially at 3rd year. I think your folks are up for it. So I've been at York for a long time since 2002. I was a professor starting in 2000 and four and before that I was still finishing my PhD and I am the director of the lab called the practices in enabling technologies research lab Pete for short and it's an interdisciplinary lab that has students from different graduate programs, computer science, digital media science and technology studies and critical disability studies. And um I'm really passionate about this subject. I think it really matters. It's like a really important part of your degrees and any degree in particular because Technology is like mediating huge chunks of our lives and it has huge consequences and those who can create and shape and design technologies are going to play a huge role in, you know, how how we live and how we exist. So I think the whole teaching team is really passionate about the subject. I know men have and I certainly are and the T. S as well, Although the T.S. are not going to be introduced exactly at this moment, because we don't get 100% know who they are. We're starting to really have a clear idea and until its all settled down, we're going to hold off on the introductions until the start of next week. So we're going to introduce them. There are three or 4 days and in the next instance we will explain what the TSR doing the role, how you can connect with them, how they're going to support your learning and so on and so forth. Okay. About you, the students. So um let me just say before getting into this, feel free to put your questions in the chat. We're going to monitor. It will also try to work keep an eye on the discord server but it's sometimes hard, we miss the things. So just post questions as I'm speaking or is it Mena speaking, That's absolutely fine. So if we were all like together and if it was a smaller group of us, although it's pretty small right, now we're 33 people. it's getting into the zone of possibility that we could go around and introduce ourselves. But unfortunately, I don't think we're gonna be able to do this in the large class format, but we will get a chance to do that when we break into our smaller pods, smaller groups of people. So I don't yet know all of you. Um, but I hope to, by the end of the term, to know many of your names and certainly to interact with each of you, it can be pretty anonymous to be in a big class, especially a big online class. So we're designing the course to try and intervene in that and come up with a good solution. But what do we know about you? So a cross section and section B there's like more than 220 students in this course. Our department right now is just in a real, uh, what's the right metaphor? There's like a real burst of enrollment. So we're really, really big right now. Uh, the tech industry's go up and down and right now we're in a peak. Sometimes it dips down and so on. But anyway, you will have noticed that all the classes are really, really big. Everything's full weight listing is a nightmare. There's like all kinds of problems just because we're bursting at the seams. So this course is particularly large. It's designed for a class of 50 and we're going to run it for a class of 220. So, but we're going to succeed. We're going to find a way to do it. Most of you are in what's called Level three. So level three is defined as having completed, I think between 30 and 45 credits if memory serves, it doesn't go by like your year three because there's lots of students who are in year three who have finished one year the degree. Or there's some students who are first year, but they have advanced standing and they've actually completed like half of the degree. So most of you are approximately year three, depending on your, if you're following the standard template, some of you are a little bit earlier in your degree programs, you're in your tube and some of you are in your last year because you're taking this course at a later point. And what else do? We know? About 60% of the students are taking bachelor of science degrees and the other chunk are taking bachelor of arts degrees. And there's always a few students who are coming from like high tech or engineering programs or um, I don't know what else, other international uh, idea and these kinds of things. Uh, so About 3/4 of the students in this course, our computer science students and computer science, you as you probably know, you can either do as a BSC degree or you can do it as a b a degree. About 20% of the classes. Digital media students welcome. Digital media keeps you're very welcome here. Digital media is a B. A program and there's a bunch of students uh from other degree programs. Usually there's a few students from cognitive science, from business administration, I don't know yet. I'm gonna get a get a field from that. Students from other degree programs are super welcome. Your disciplinary perspectives really enrich the learning environment. So it's always great to have a mixture of students from all different backgrounds. Anyone want to say anything if they're from a degree. Another degree program put it in the chat, curious or if I've covered all the bases here is the official course description. Let's just read it. So we all know and we're all on the same page. So this course introduces user interfaces and the tools and mechanisms to create and prototype them. Students work in small groups and learn how to design user interface is how to realize them and how to evaluate the end result. The description is like pretty okay if I could, I would tweak it a little bit. Um for instance, when you evaluate your evaluating your own end result or you might also be evaluating the end results of other design processes, critique is an important part of this course, but in a nutshell, it's like basically describes what we're going to do. The challenge is like how do we turn this description into actual like grated activities and actual tasks that you're going to do and we do this through something called course learning outcomes. So it is hoped by the end of the course, any student who passes this course is going to do so. Having demonstrated that they can do the following things. So first you will by the end of the scores, be able to explain the capabilities of both humans and computers from a socio technical systems perspective that includes several different things. Information processing, situated action so on and so forth. You will be able to describe and critically evaluate typical HC. Model styles and paradigms. So part of that is going to be understanding like what the heck is the difference between a paradigm and a style and the model. And we're certainly going to cover that. You will at the end be able to apply a design process and universal design principles when you're designing interactive systems. The particular design process we're going to be teaching is called user centered design or human centered design. You C. D. Or H. C. D. This stands in contrast with the design process is that you're probably already familiar with called Technology center design. So like agile waterfall. These are design methodologies from software engineering that our technology centers design approaches you? C. D. H. C. D. Is different. And so it will be interesting for you to see the differences, you will be able to describe Hc. I design principles, standards and guidelines and apply them. Okay again, what's the difference between the principle of standard and a guideline. We will cover that. You will be able to analyze, identify and critically evaluate things like user models. The concept of user support issues in the social organization and requirements. They're called stakeholder requirements here. But let's just be broader all different kinds of requirements. Last you will be able to analyse discuss and critically evaluate HC issues in different domains, for example, Grouper, Ubiquitous computing, VR multimedia and web based applications. We could have a whole course on each of these things individually. We could have a whole course on group where we could have a whole course on you be calm. We could have a whole course on VR. We're not going to do that. We're going to take a sampling approach and we'll focus in more detail on probably two of these, probably the ambient ubiquitous computing and um the web based stuff. So that kind of turns the course description into an action agenda like here are the things that you you need to be doing. So the course is going to be designed around activities that require you to do these things. And that's the basis for a measure of your assessment. Like how are you going to do which as we all know ends up being a letter grade which I know is important and that's that's fine. So the next part of the meeting is for me to talk about how the courses designed and if I could do it my way, I would like start in a certain path, I would give the high level objectives and then, you know, the process that was followed to design the gores and you know the philosophy and here's you know, the structure and then eventually get down into the detail of what it means like on a day to day basis. But like I was seen in the last class as much as you know, the researcher and the like scholar in me wants to do it this very like talk down away students really, they're like thanks, but no thanks too long. D are just like tell me what I want to know. So this is what I understand students want to know right away. So number one, there is no final exam, students always want to know if there's a final exam. This course does not have a final exam. I'll just briefly say this course used to have a final exam, but the shift to the online mode as required by the global pandemic made us like consider how are we going to do a final exam online. And really there's no good solution, there's no good solution for invigoration. Procter track and all those surveillance technologies are hugely problematic personally. I refuse to teach a course where I forced students to use them. So like ideologically it's not possible. So we found a way to teach the course without an exam and I think it's actually better, like even without the pandemic, it would have been the right thing to do. So Yeah, that's just like a philosophical and a logistical issue. No final exam instead we have 10 modules that used to be called Sprints, but we're just going to call them modules. Each one is worth 10%. Couldn't be simpler. 10 times 10 equals 100%. That's your grade. So the courses like intense in a kind of more or less uniform way across the whole term without like a big spike at mid term and a big spike of work right at the final exam, each module is a mixture of things that you do that gets graded. So there's usually a little quiz is worth 12, 3%. There will be assignments, we start working on the assignments in class, so you go into your groups, we'll talk about how the groups go formed in a minute And you start doing the things, there's also individual assignments, like a provocation and you have like 15, 20 minutes to like work on it and get your things submitted worth 1%. So it's totally possible for you to finish that assignment within that window of time. It forces you to apply what you're learning on your feet. So modules also contain components that gets strung together to form a project. So any big project is a series of pieces. So we put those pieces in certain modules and by the end of the sequence of modules, you have like effectively completed a project because one piece builds upon the other and so on and so forth. There are exercise sets that get done individually or collaboratively and critique work. So you will prepare critiques of your own work, your classmates work or work out there in the world like design systems that will have a look at and critique the interfaces and as I said, this is individual and group. There's a Q and a period at the end of this but feel free to raise your hand in zoom or to put a question in the chat. I'm aware that I'm talking and talking and this class meeting is acquiring the feel of a monologue, which is not great, especially since um I want to tell you about the flip classroom in one second. So it's going to be ironic. So that's like the nutshell, What I think students want to hear here is kind of a more nuanced layer. Uh let me just, I'm distracted by reading the chat. Masato is saying that e classes down and there are people who haven't been able to enter. So is this being recorded and yes, this is being recorded and it will be uploaded and folks in the class will be able to get, we'll be able to experience this uh in class meeting, even if they weren't able to get into the zoom. Okay I'm just keeping look on things. Okay so we do these graded activity is not because we just want you to have a grade but we want them to require you to do the things that match those courses learning outcomes. So it's through these things that we accomplish the learning outcomes. And in order to do this we have to like write size. It, you know not too big, not too small, it has to be the right size. And I'm going to assume that students are either taking a full time uh course load. So this is one of 4.5 for other courses or you have other stuff going on in your lives like you're working or you've got family commitments or whatever. So out of respect for everyone's busy schedule, we're going to clarify the time commitment for this course. So we're expecting you to spend about nine hours a week on this course and that nine hours is Approximately 1-2 hours of prep for the modules that we're going to talk about a second three hours in class. So we have to, each student will attend two classes, one on monday and one on either Wednesday or friday. So that's three hours and like four or five hours wrapping up completing these All these activities that we're talking about, so you're going to do a quiz that's going to take you 20 minutes, you're gonna have to wrap up an assignment that's going to take you this, you're gonna have this exercise set. So, in total, all these things approximately are going to be nine hours. It might be the case from one week to the next, it will be slightly different, one might be less work, and then another week might be more. So that's just like, kind of the thinking and that's not including, like, that's a motorist over each. Uh in class week, we have a reading week in the middle of the term, And I think this just avoids misunderstandings, and it also signals to you that, you know, there's a certain respect for your time and consideration of it, and we're not going to pile on the work, assuming that you have 20 hours to spend on the course, and it forces us to be mindful and like, reflective of what we're asking you the students to do, and our estimates for how long we think it should take to complete it. Okay, so, the courses organized into modules, like I mentioned, uh 10 of them are graded with 10% each. It's approximately one per week. There's a little bit of a mismatch, because we have 13 weeks of court classes, One of the beginning and the end of the term or half weeks, so it's like not exactly a 1-1 mapping. So it's, it'll be like a little deviation, but basically, that's it. And the idea is that all the module, activities get started and wrapped up by the end of the module, and then we moved to the next module. So every module has, like one or more grated activities, there might be other activities you need to do just to like um prep or be able to do it or to show like, learning. So not everything we ask you to do is get graded, but you should still do it. Uh Did I not say? Yeah, so I said 10 modules get marked 10% each, so this slide is repeating this. So 10 modules were 10% each. The modules are going to run from the Tuesday and wrap up uh monday. So that's basically like what you can count on, we're starting in the middle of something, right? We have, like, the first class was Wednesday and today's friday. So it's a bit messed up, but we'll get it going next, starting next week. There's a few exceptions, Like I said, not every module is exactly one week long, we're going to release the content for the module before, so you can do the prep work, and then you have to get all that work done within the module and get it submitted by the end of the module. So by like, midnight on Tuesday ish. Uh So what are you going to do in each module? So you've got the prep work, there's going to be video lectures posted, there's going to be readings, there's going to be course packs, so you're going to spend like an hour getting ready. You come into class, we're not going to be uh you're not going to sit there listening to Mennonite lecture, we're not going to use the class time. That way you're gonna start doing your coursework. So for the beginning of the course, that means splitting into your pods. So groups of approximately 15 students and you're going to have like activities you gonna complete. Also, there's going to be quizzes, they're usually outside of class assignments. All these things that I just said. One thing that is on the slide that wasn't also on an earlier slide was this idea of peer assessments. So you're going to be reflecting on the course work of others, anonymous, suitably anonymous. You're going to be providing feedback on your teammates, you're going to be providing, you know, feedback to us. So that's like the pace of the course flipped classroom. It's kind of a trendy buzzword buzzy word, but basically it means that you do all this like reading, listening outside of class. And then when we come together in class meetings, like we're doing stuff, we're doing active problem solving what we're going to do from class to class. Actually depends on the module. So this one, for instance, I'm talking mona's talking and you're listening and we're gonna um answer questions, but it's not going to be like that for the other ones. So what kinds of things are we going to be doing? Well, have some discussions. So there'll be provocations questions. They will be answered either by us, the teaching team or other students. We're going to record these and post them. It's an unstructured thing and usually these are not graded. Some discussions happen through forums and each contribution gets graded. We're gonna have class activities, so you're gonna go into breakout rooms, do some stuff. We're going to be here to lead the activity and to structure it and to provide support and usually can either complete it during your a lot of time slot or with a little bit of time after class to get it submitted. Uh There's other less directly led activities where you just go into your book and you get your group work done together and those usually are worth more and um you can get a good start done during the class meeting. We're here to support you, you ask us to come in, we come into your breakout room, we can help you troubleshoot some things, but usually you need to do a little bit more work outside of the class quizzes. Usually each module has a little quiz like I mentioned there are going to be what's called like close set questions. So multiple choice short or medium answer. Um there at the end of each module, We're not going to use our time together in class to run the quizzes. Usually we mount them, they're up for 24 hours. You can choose where in that 24 hour period you want to write the quiz. Once you start it you have a certain amount of time to finish it It takes I hear like can look at the data 10, 15, 20 minutes to complete a quiz. But we usually open it for an hour. And in fact in the last time we taught this course we left the quiz once you open it, you have four hours to finish, which is like quite a generous super amount of time. No one ever needs that amount of time. So that just deals with every situation of academic accommodation in the form of extra time. Just this is not a time based performance. Being able to do things quickly. It's not part of the course learning objectives. So and you know, being able to memorize a bunch of stuff is also not like flagged as important. So for the quizzes you can consult the resource packs, you can consult the videos, you can consult the readings. So it's not a memorization activity And they're worth, like I said, one, each so overall in the whole course Across all the modules, if it's one or 2% per module, let's just say overall your course grade is about approximately 20% of uh Of your quizzes are approximately 20% of your course grade. So it's like a gift. Like it's not difficult to get very high scores on the quizzes. Okay, Group work Rupert is the size of a source of problems. Anxieties and pleasure for a lot of students. It's a mixed bag. There's a lot of good stuff that comes out of the group work, but I know I've been teaching in the department for a long time and I've heard my share of horror stories, both in my course and outside of in other courses about group work. So it's important that you will be able to work in groups. It's part of the official course description that you're going to work in groups. And it's also actually pretty important for design practice because design practices not a solitary activity. So you have to be able to work in a group. Now, this is like an academic setting and it's not a workplace. So in a workplace, you know, teamwork and group work is governed by a different kind of set of practices. Like if you don't do your job in a group or team studying in, you know, in your in your job, then you could potentially be let go right, you're just not doing your job. So like you're gonna lose your job, we don't have that kind of thing here. We we have no way to like force people to be a good group member, there's grading that's important. There's learning people are motivated to learn, but, you know, the dynamics are different. So because of that there's a lot of care taken to set up a good framework for the group work and the framework. I'm not gonna get into all the details now but clearly puts out in writing how the groups are going to be informed provisions for like a fair and equitable approach. It helps train people how to be effective in a group. Like what are the expectations, what specifically you're going to do? We have feedback mechanism. So you can say how your group function at the end and or even during and then we can keep track of the health of all the groups and intervene and do something if the group is starting to not function well in the very extreme case like the group is totally dysfunctional and it can't continue. So we don't force people to work together. If the group is totally broken we will fix it. We use um what's called the I. T. P. Teamwork framework so that you at completion of every group work, you kind of complete a questionnaire and it's anonymous and so on. I'll tell you what parts are anonymous and what parks get shared with your team work. And it helps you learn about functioning in a team, you get feedback, you can give constructive feedback. So in my experience it's a lot more work to use this framework but it helps students do better and it helps you be more clear about like what does it mean to be a good team member and it helps you your team's function better. So, included in this is academic integrity. So, plagiarism is mentioned here because picture the scenario where you have, like, a group of four people and three of the four people do all the work. And the fourth person, like, doesn't do anything, doesn't answer messages, doesn't respond to emails, nothing. And then the thing gets submitted and the for names get attached to that submission. So effectively what's happening is that fourth person is committing plagiarism. They're submitting work as if it's theirs and not giving credit to the fact that someone else did it. So it's a kind of cheating, right? You're you're not giving credit or attribution to the creative or work, you're making it look like it's your own, that's that's what's happening. So that's just like, a violation of academic honesty. We don't stand for it and we we hope to prevent it from happening. But if it does happen, we do something about it. So that is all dealing with fairness. I hope this, uh, suasion as your anxiety about group work, that if you've had bad experiences in the past, that this won't be like that. And if you had good experiences in the past, this will be yet another good experience. Uh it can be really hard to um deal with groups If the instructor says, okay, go off and find groups, like, how are you gonna do that? Some of you don't know anyone else in the class. So we take care of that. We're going to set you up in groups. They're going to be randomly assigned. We're going to have the possibility for you to adjust and change your groups. Also in this course, different things require different sizes of groups. The activities at the beginning are big. So you work in a big group together and you collectively get the stuff done. But later on towards the end of the course, you're going to work in smaller groups by then you've gotten to know people and you know, you have the ability to have more, um, you can better choose who is going to be in your group based on your common schedule, your comment working style and so on. Okay. Any questions about group work. Let's continue then. So learning pods, the course is huge. So we're going to put people in learning pods. They're going to be approximately 15 people. It's a small enough format so that in a zoom breakout room you can see each other, you can talk, it's like a number that uh, there's actually empirical evidence to show that that number works in online settings and you're going to be randomly assigned and you're going to learn your pods on monday when you come to class and then you're going to go into the brick it room and meet your pod mates and a lot of the things we're going to do at the beginning of the course are going to be in the pod city. Oh, I got to the end of the slides, I thought there was more after this. So I think I've given a huge dump of information that so, um, I think now is the time to just here, if there's any questions, let me just check the time. Okay. It's like, yeah, more than half an hour of talking. Okay, good. So yes, the question is, are we going to have our first module next week? Yes. And the prep work is not available, it's going to be posted on the weekend and because of that, you're, you're not going to be expected to come to the first module with any report. We're just going to assume we're starting from scratch. So there'll be a little bit of a flexibility for the first module. But that's what we're going to start next week. And the first module is going to be longer than a week because it will grow from the monday Wednesday friday. And then the next monday and then it's going to end. And the first module is going to be a uh yeah, several introductory pieces across the different thematic strands we've got a lot of ground to cover. So we're going to do a little bit of certain things and yeah, I don't know if I just hopefully build suspense and interest. So I don't wanna say what the topic will be yet because ah yeah we're going to save it. Okay. Uh Christie a saint or I generally, but I have a course conflict on Fridays. I saw an email about echo 3 60 oh sorry, I read half of 1.5 of the other. Okay, so um, this course is a synchronous course which means that there are class activities that take place in real time between like in this section's case 11 31. So that's not compatible with taking another course. This is not an asynchronous course. So unfortunately it is going to be an issue because we expect you to be in class and we have activities and you have to get the work done during class. So um maybe if you have a course conflict you can miss the other of course, but you can't miss this one. Recordings will be posted. But that's not a sustainable strategy for students who miss like a lot of classes. That's for a student who has to miss like one class because of technology issue or because they're ill or there's some like one off kind of thing. So that answers that question. This is a synchronous course which means that it's time dependent. We run the course. We have the class activities from a certain time and we're expecting you to be here. Um Masato is asking anything we need to prepare technology wise. I don't think you need to prepare in the sense that we just expect you to have like a functional web browser and the tools we use are in the cloud so I think if you just have any kind of desktop or laptop you're fine. It's really I think impossible to do this course on a mobile device because the work you have to do in the course activities you have to design things so you can't do that on a mobile platform. So Echo 3 60 is just the place where the lecturers get posted. So um Masato, I hope that answers your question. Matthew is asking will we be assigned new groups every module or will they be the same will be the same for the first little bit. Give people a chance to know one another and then we're going to start to like within your group of 15 we might form through groups of five or five groups of three and then eventually you'll get to see the other group pause and the other people in the class and then in the end of the course if you want you can make groups cross like outside of your plot. So but for the beginning Matthew the pods are going to stay the same at least until reading week. Uh Okay somewhere make hole is saying the E class was down, people are joining late. We totally get it. It's not your fault, it's just how it usually is at the start with E class, this is being recorded. So just looking echo 3 60 for this recording afterwards. Yeah. Oh you're welcome man. Is there anything that I neglected to mention that you wanted to add in? Um No, I don't think so. Mhm. Yeah, I can just put the discord chat, the discord link in the chat. So if you class was down again, we can communicate with. That's one of the shortcomings of zoom. If you join late, you can't see the chat that happened before you joined. Yeah, so that's great. Thanks for that. No problem. Okay, just wait a little bit. I guess something I said on Wednesday that I didn't yet say is um The amount of time we're going to spend. So the classes officially twice a week 90 minutes each. But before we move to this remote mode, because of the global pandemic Classes were actually 80 minutes long. So in this classic we were meeting like physically in a classroom, it would start at 11:30 on the nose. You know, the lecture would start talking and then usually it would finish at this is 11 30 to 1. So at one at 12 50 the course would finish Uh to allow, you know the people to leave the room and the next people to come in and I don't know if you've noticed but there's this creep that's happening where the classes 90 minutes and it will be like 92 minutes or like five minutes longer or even longer and it makes you late for your next thing and you know, just you spend way more time online. So this is something that's been happening for a couple academic terms. And it's really like in this course we want to keep it to 80 minutes and stop even though we could go longer because there's no one waiting to come into our virtual room And in Zoom, it's scheduled from 1130 to 1245 because Zoom doesn't let you choose an arbitrary amount of minutes. It has to be in a 15 minute increments. So that's why you may have noticed that. The way the zoom invite looks is does it show because I don't know if you see the same thing. Yeah, 12. So it was 1130-1245, but it's really going to be like In the worst case 1250 and the first class, we're going to be done faster because we're just getting everyone up to speed. Not everyone can join. E class always goes down. There is still instability in the class list, so we don't invest a lot of time and energy in the first in content in the first class because a lot of people miss it. Okay, so Jingwei is saying basically section and be a run in the same progress, right? Yes. So uh your your experience in the course should not be different if you're in section Air B same quizzes, same assignments, same, everything. Same course content and we're going to be fair that both sections should have, it shouldn't be the case that one section gets a benefit over the other. Okay good. So James is finding the discord, you're welcome. So any other questions we're done officially? We're just going to you know, keep the floor open if there's any questions but if you feel like you're good then feel free to go on to your next thing for friday. Uh huh. James you just got here. Oh masato, we're looking forward to this semester two. Yeah. E class is really uh er is asking are the assignments, coding or designing? So we do prototyping, we're going to use prototyping tools will use stigma and we're gonna do work up until what's called the design handoff where it goes to a deV team. So we're not going to be coding in this course and we're going to have a module to explain kind of like current contemporary practices in um the design world. At one point this course did have coding but that was like, you know, the industry has shifted in the meantime. So the skills you need for ui design, you prototype. Now using tools you don't like prototype by implementing code directly? Yes. You heard sigma for prototyping Alexis, are you familiar already kind of Yeah if you're not for other people, don't worry, we have like a whole ramping up module that explains And like these videos to explain how to do it? Ah nope, no. CSS at least not right now. Well you'll see that in the course we pull students because we have a little bit of flexibility. We have like a trajectory of learning but we can plop in different sections and we try to tailor in that way a little bit of the course um because the field is constantly changing. There's so much stuff that's always coming up. So, you know, that's why the course has to change so much from term to term. All right. So, but I would say that in this course, like my philosophy is that uh trends come and go. Technologies come and go. But the fundamental concepts and the kind of critical lens is really important. So, this course has, I would say a significant amount of like science and technology studies kind of peace to it and like critiquing and analyzing interfaces. James is saying the modules online. Is there any task that you have to complete on them? Not yet. But when we release the first module, you'll see a list of activities, some of those activities have to be done in class because you do them with your pod mates? Other things are individual. Like the quiz at the end of the module. So you'll do them. That happens outside of class? All right. Qantas saying, do we arrange the groups? Are are we going to arrange the groups or do we need to figure that amongst yourselves? No, we we set up the groups, the first thing we have our pods, so you'll find out your pod on monday, pot a B, C D, and so on, and then you will have break up rooms and you're going to meet your pod mates, you're gonna work on activities together. We have activities that can be completed by groups of 15. If you can believe it, and then later, when you get to know your pod mates, you'll subdivide into smaller groups, usually within the pod, but it's possible to form a group outside of your pod later in the course, but it's important that we first get to know each other and that you get to know some people in the course. There's people here who don't know anyone else, although there's probably people here who know a lot of classmates. I imagined the digital media students know each other more than the CS students. What do you think is my conjecture correct sir? Anyone here who doesn't know anyone else in the whole course? Yeah. See, Daniel, see, I knew I was right. So there's a person who doesn't know anyone, yep. Some people know by name, yep. Yeah, So it's it's tough, right? Like you want to do group work, because design is not solitary, It is like group work. So we have to have part of the course built so that you can get to know each other and the people you get to know like you might still be in other classes with them in the future, you know, because a lot of you are in third year level three, so you're going to be taking courses next year. And yeah, it's like, that's the whole thing about university is getting to know people and making connections online is so difficult. Oh my goodness. It's difficult in so many different ways, difficult to meet people, difficult to like connect, difficult to like engage, difficult to teach, difficult to learn. Yeah, it's it's so hard and you know, there's something particularly fatiguing about zoom that doesn't happen in a face to face encounter. So like after I do a zoom class, like I just need to veg for a little bit because it's actually like really tough, tough for everyone, but we're gonna make it through and hopefully the fourth wave is not gonna be too bad and we can keep our health and our families will be healthy and be safe and you know, be mentally well at the end of this, I know, I totally miss it. I miss going for coffee. I miss having like lab meetings. I miss talking with students after class, you know, the class lets out and then there's like a little cluster that stays in the hall. Yeah, that is like oxygen for an instructor and I really miss that? Yeah, Well, oh, what can we do? Okay, so what do you think? Have we gotten to the end of the questions? Everyone is okay to wrap it up for today? Some thumbs up. Thank you. Oh good. So feel free to leave. I'll just like slowly linger because maybe there's someone coming in late who still has a question. Happy friday by everyone. Hi everyone. Hey. Yeah, okay. I'm just answering to some stuck in discord. Yeah. So I think the other participants, maybe they have left their laptops. Yeah. You never know. It was like a human behind that or not. Mhm. Don't you love the seal? That Alexis? Uh Oh okay. And I also like people who put their photos so I like see their human face. Yeah. It feels kind of weird that like we have our cameras on and everyone can see us and what we can see them. Yeah. It's like a very asymmetric. Yeah. But linda has um like a character, I don't know enough to know what the character is, but that's cool to like something personal, like anything personal. I like exactly
