Week 11 (to be completed by Thursday, November 26)Study material
Our target this week is to learn about scripting with Unity. This will allow us to complete all requirements for A4. We'll also learn about reverb zones and ducking.
First, complete section 15. Introduction to Scripting of the Unity course. Then, read the Unity manual on scripting, in particular the first three sections: Setting Up Your Scripting Environment, Scripting concepts , and Important Classes.
Then, watch this video on how to export your game to the web. For A4, you should export your game for Windows or Mac instead. Export your game as downloaded now, and save it. When submitting A4, you will have to submit this .exe or .app file also to show that you have changed the audio in the game.
The game you are working with may already have a GameObject to manage all the audio (typically called AudioManager). You can reuse that if you want, but if you don't want to do that (or your game does not have any audio to begin with), I recommend creating your own AudioManager, following the example in this video (you can ignore the last part of this video that deals with multiple scenes unless you have lots of time on your hands).
To add appropriate reverb to your sounds, you can add reverb to the appropriate Audio Group in the Audio Mixer, or use reverb zones. Start by watching tis video on reverb zones. If you want to trigger reverb (or any SFX) using a collider, see this video. Finally, you can check out the Unity manual for Reverb Zones and Colliders.
To achieve ducking, e.g. automatically lowering music when narration is happening, see this video.
Implementing a fade in/out is a bit harder than you might think because these gradual changes in volume have to happen across multiple frames. Thankfully, C# has a feature that is really well suited for this, coroutines. Read the Unity Manual on coroutines that contains a visual fade in/out example that you can adjust for audio.
Finally, you can use any plugins you develop with JUCE in Unity! This is not a requirement for A4, but if you'd like to do that, follow these instructions.