SPEAKER 0
Good morning everyone. Uh we're all doing well. Good morning. It took me a minute to arrange all my windows and to get everything sorted on the desktop. Uh Welcome. You are in class between two and this is section A Who's meeting? Nice to see everyone here. Let me just have a quick look at the number of participants we have, You know, on second participants, we have 70, 70 people are here. So that's not bad. We have in this section 110 folks enrolled, but it is the start of the term and people are still getting themselves organised. So I I'm going to walk everyone who is here now and let's get started. There is not a slide deck for the first part of the meeting, so that's why I'm showing the course website as a, the thing that is greeting everyone and I just wanted to give you a quick overview of what we're going to do today and walk you through a few things. So number one, what I'd like to do is just do a quick walkthrough of where we are in the course. In terms of content on the course website, walk you through some things Number two, we're going to do break out sessions and test drive those in my experience things usually go wrong a little bit with the first time you try to do break out sessions, so we'll try them, we'll just go into a breakout rooms, you can say hi to your fellow a pod mates were going to come back in and then we're going to do a walk through of the first resource pack, a quick walk through and I can answer any questions you might have at the end of that. So those are three things, walk through the course website, number two, breakout, session number three go through resource pack. So while we're here I'm just going to see, hang on a sec, I have this, give me a second. Okay, so yeah, I have monitoring the chat, I am monitoring the discord, I think I have a grip on who's asking the questions mana, the other co instructor is not able to join us on Mondays, so I'm flying solo right now, although in the future we're gonna have ta sitting in during the class meeting but we're just getting started now. Okay, so walking through the course website, this is number one of the three things we're going to do. Um so these six Buttons at the top five of the six are alive now, although when I look here I see that the content that I see in my instructor view does not appear in the student view. So that's something I noticed I said bug so the contents there is just not visible to you I guess of everything here, let's just focus on course syllabus. So the course Syllabus for this course is very large, 14 pages long. It's regrettable that I had to get so big but I found that it's really important to have clear policies of everything, so it's all there in a convenient format for you. However, the pdf version is the official version, so you are being provided with two forms to see the syllabus you have here. The pdf. Maybe if the class is going to serve up the content, it should appear here, but it's not and here in this accordion according was provided to certain instructors this term and it's not functional right now. So I think my work through is just going to be an inventory of all the things that are currently broken, but I'm not going to get to fussed about that is e class having a problem this morning. It looks like it's slow and Laghi this tab is supposed to be opening up the pdf viewer of the pdf. Okay, slow. Yes, I think it depends. At least people are here. Section B was really adversely affected. Slow. Okay, so if we were to have the time we could wait for this whole thing to refresh and the syllabus would appear. But okay, so for some of you, you can see the silvas, I can't see it now, I'm going to quit this. Okay, so that's the syllabus ah, one on one chat with the instructor. Let's have a quick look here. So this is what's called the private virtual office and in this screen that you're seeing, I'm logged in as a fake student called demo student balco. So this is as close as I can get to a view of e class that emulates what you see. It's not 100 perfect as a student view. But anyway, what I hope you see here is something that hang on a sec. Yeah, okay. Ah So this is visible to you and only you, I don't know you have section and A and B. There, but that shouldn't be, it should only be you your name and I just to test things out, I need, what is a version of teaching team humor test question I enrolled late, tell me what I missed. It's facetious if students ask the instructor that like tell me everything I miss, that's usually regarded as pretty irritating because You know like what am I gonna do, tell you all the things that we've talked about in like your own personal summary, it's like it's really impossible to do. So anyway, that's just like a test kind of thing. And what the purpose is here is to see that whenever you start a thread that we're gonna be answering it within 24 hours. So when I'm logged in as demo demo student Belco, I'm not seeing any of the questions that any other student might be posting, I only see that in my instructor view. Okay, so there's that now let's come back here. Okay, so here and now we see the 10 modules, 11 modules of the course. Uh So each of module 1 to 10 is worth 10% module 11 is what I'm calling the outro, the bookend for the intro and in this class we usually do something fun. There's no final exam, as you know, so I put a pull up in the last part of the class to say, how do we want to use this last class? So for instance, in the past we've done like a livestream of watching a movie together with discussion. I've done like, story telling, stories from the trenches, telling you kind of funny anecdotes set up happened. I offer choices like uh we can do a group activity. We like there's lots of options I pull at the end. Okay, so this is the module we did last week. Let's just have a quick look at it. So you can see already that, you know, even though it was a pretty quick class, there's a fair amount of content there and every module is going to have these tabs and I encourage you to look through them. So under learning all you need to do to like complete your learning from module zero is participate in one of the two meetings. And I, as a fake student have indicated, let done have indicated it practice. The only thing really that you were being asked to do is possibly check out the discord server. And as you know, last class, we didn't have any grated activities. So that's module 00, here's where we are this week and this module is going to be three class meetings, it's a bigger one, but the pace is just a little gentler and slower because we're still up and coming. Okay, so anyone, if you have questions feel free to put them in the chat or into the discord under class discussion, let me just get there. Okay, so I see Aaron, so this is where I am in class discussion here and here are all the channels for the learning pods and I see some folks are already finding their way in there. That's good. So anyway, this is what I'm monitoring class discussion during class. Okay, let's put that. Okay, so let's just do a little walk through of the module. So here's the overview. All the modules will have an overview tab and it's meant to be a summary of each of these tabs. Learn practice, share, assess reflect this information is also provided in summary form, under course schedule in a tab. So here the table. Sorry, So here we have which class meetings, which resource packs? This should be down here and what things are being graded for that module. So right now for module one, we're going to have a little quiz, we're going to have uh individual activity graded activity, an assignment. We're going to have a pod based assignment and you're going to have a small reflection piece. The weights are shown here, These things add up to 10%. So under the learn tab, let's have a look. So what you need to do To engage in the learning for this module is participate in each of three class meetings 2, 3 and four. You attend either Section eight or section B but we're asking you to attend the section in which your rolled and there's going to be to resource packs that you're going to read and these things are turned on so you can indicate if you're done or not. Did you all have a look to see that you have here an overview of what you've completed in the course. So let's say here I am going to check this off because I think I've my fake student persona has participated. So of all the things that have been posted so far, I've completed 20% of them. Let's see here our ship is saying are the done check marks for arias only or do they account for grading in any way. So they don't account for grading per se but they are important for the course and I'm going to show you how here I'm going to expose to you something that I see that helps me get a feel for how the class is doing. I'm going to try and show you if this would just be a little bit less. Laghi Okay, we're just okay, so here is my other browser and here I'm logged in as the instructor. So this is my view and here's the course progress and here's the thing that's really important overview of the students. So this is not your grades. This just tells me to what extent is the class engaging with the with the course and I usually sort on progress and I just get it a quick snapshot of you know where people are and I see from this christian is winning having completed the most of the things so far. Some of these things you cannot check because the the assignments are not released yet. The quiz is not released yet. The reflection is not released yet. But all these things, these practice pieces you can do. Uh So I look at this, I check this every day to see like where is the class at and I used it to see are their students in the class. We haven't done anything yet. So that's you know something maybe a sign that something is wrong. See here's students who haven't done anything so I don't want to keep this up. I'm gonna hide it away because I don't want to shame anyone. But it's just it's different than the grades because it helps me just see like where students are at. I use it to identify issues to troubleshoot and so on. If you want to know how you're doing aside from this course progress. I really suggest that you look at your grades tab over here. Let's have a look And it's all set up. Now. We have module one to 10. Each of these is were 10 and you'll see the grades for everything will start to show up here. So for everything that appears here, if you have a grade it shows you're on track. That's another way for you to get feedback on how you're doing. So that's where we are on that. Let's just see what's happening here. Okay. Uh we are recording. Right, Did I start recording again? Yes, yes. Good. Okay, so someone saying good thank you for the person who answered Aaron in the Discord. That's really helpful. Okay so continuing along. So we're in module one and I've walked through some of the things I'm going to answer a question from Castine. Yeah. Hi professor. I just under the learn tab. Could you clarify something for me? Um So there are three participate in module 01 tabs. What do you what's the difference between all these three taps this one this one this one, yeah. What's the difference between those three? This is class meeting too. This is class meeting three on Wednesday or Friday and this is class meeting next Monday. Okay. All right. I understand now. Thanks. Yeah, no problem. So but you are raising something interesting here are three class meetings here are through class meetings. I'm not expecting students to attend all of these. So these things are optional. This is the one that's important. So if you look here in the tab, I have flagged participate in one of them, class meeting to class meeting three, class meeting four, can you see that? It's like teeny tiny see here? Yeah, I can see it. Yeah, so not every single thing that is marked as my goodness. That is marked as um you can check off is necessarily going to be in this progress bar. So yeah, it's I'm going to lower your hand. You didn't have another question, right? Oh yeah, sorry, I forgot to lower it. Thanks. No problem. No problem. It's sorry for those of you where this is like a dead easy review, like the the extent to which instructors use model differently. It's like tremendous, right? There's a lot of variation, so I just really don't know if everyone is familiar with this course. Progress, progress are you in other courses where you making use of this? Let me just see. It's new, It's okay, good. Just so long as there's like a handful of people where it's new and to be honest, this is something I had before. Like you could check it done, but I didn't really set this up really clearly or use the overview of you view. So I'm hoping this helps you like just get a grip on what's happening because there's all these moving pieces and this is one of many. Oh yeah, this is one of many um courses you're gonna take. So I just think like all students have like a real uh information management problem, like it's just really a challenge to know what is happening in all the courses. So in an effort to try and help you, I'm just gonna like put all these measures into place, it's not going to be 100%. Not all students are going to check all these things off, so that's fine. I mean it's not obligatory. You don't get graded for checking things or not, but at least the graded pieces, they only get checked off once you get a grade. So some of them you can do voluntarily on your own. But others like let's take a look here. This one is going to appear as checked off or not, but you don't have any control on whether it's completed only your action of making a submission and the action of the teaching team grading it results in this checkmark here. See these ones. So some of these things are automatically going to get created, checked off. Some of them are up to you. Okay, so that's the Mulele one. So we have an overview this trajectory of like learn practice, share amongst yourself, assess like get graded and then reflect on what you've graded at. It's actually like based in pedagogical theory that is shown to create the most impactful learning outcomes. So we're gonna follow that instead of just here's the lectures and here is the greatest stuff we're going to build in these like layers. It's a bit clunky, like we're going to have to get used to it. But by the end of the course I'll have information if this has been like, you know, to what extent the class can use this. So you are guinea pigs with this. Learn practice share ss reflect cycle that we're going to do every module. The reflect. Let me just tell you you're going to be asked to do a small reflection please. There's no right or wrong answer. Really. You get graded on the basis of how much you engage with the exercise. Are you going to be superficial and just say something like quickly or you're going to be thoughtful and you know, keep in mind that we have to have some objective way of measuring that. But anyway, my point is that it's It's pretty like daddy easy thing to do and it's worth 1%. So it's like a nice thing for you to get grades fairly easily. So let me just walk through this reflection to demonstrate a little bit more here in the student view. Okay, so it says to do receive a grade, I find this tag like incorrect. That's not the thing you have to do to receive a grade. The thing you have to do is actually stand by for the assignment to open and then you have to make a submission at that point when you make a submission, you will receive a great, that's the next thing to do. So I find this E class convention confusing personally, which is why I created an actual wait, let me get back crap. Seriously, why is this happening? Uh huh. Okay. I am not making a good example of my course. Okay. So what I wanted to say is this confusion with how model is tagging things. Sorry, it's being called E class. But it's actually just another instance creation of model. That's why I've created this whole like practice thing which is just to understand UNl on church and launch grading graded activities because it is like confusing. So let's go back to the our mural reflection piece here. So it's not open yet. Oh Sorry, this one is opened. This one is open and let's take this one is not opened. Okay, so all the things I just said are actually, I wish I had been more careful because I want to correct them now. And when I go through the recording, I might edit all of this out and just start here. Okay, so in the interests of that list to see under the assess pieces, you have these different things to do. Some of them say make a submission. Some of them say receive a grade. These tags are a little bit confusing because they don't actually mean that. So the reflection exercises actually open. I opened it just to demonstrate the different solution that launched and launch activity and you see here an overview. And what is really important for me in this course is to expose to you how you're going to be graded in advance of your submission. I think that there's this element of like surprise. Like you're doing this submission, you don't really know the criteria. So you know, it's going to appear in advance what the attributes are and what the scale is free to these things. And your grade is going to be a combination of the uh judgments on each of the attributes. So this one, you don't make his submission yet. The specification is not posted, it's going to come, so it's coming and the other things are just not released yet. Okay, so I think this has not been a very elegant overview. But nonetheless, I'm walking you through the tabs of the module and I can only hope that your experience with it is a lot smoother than my not very polished overview of what's happening. So, here's what we're going to do in this module. We're going to have three class meetings. We're going to uh give you a chance to do all of these things authentically and by the end of this module and this is going to be next, we Tuesday you will have all of these things submitted. Okay, so what do I want to do? Let's go to the learn and what I want you to do is let's go to practice. So we're going to practice doing this new breakout rooms so you can check this off when you're in the breakout room, say hi to your pod mates. Were going to be doing an activity on Wednesday altogether. So it's good to get to know everyone. You can use the discord server to communicate or you can use the chat in zoom but it's fragile, right? Like once the zoom sessions done, that chat disappears. So instead you can also use the E class group message and there's all of these things to walk you through it. So that's that's what's up on deck. So we're going to do the breakout room. So I think this concludes my overview of the the course website. Number two, we're going to do the breakout room and number three we're going to come back and do um the resource pack. So that's this resource pack here, engage with this resource pack and it's posted in advance. So this is not a foot module. I'm going to show the slide deck in the zoom session. I'm going to walk through it and we're going to answer questions. But later in other modules it's going to be flipped. I'm going to give you the videos ahead of time and you're going to watch them and then you come to class having done these things. Okay, so before we transition to the zoom breakout room. Let me just pause for a minute and see if there's any questions from anyone on my overview of the course website and all the content that has been put there. And I'm going to take a sip of coffee while you reflect on what questions you want to ask me? Nothing. Well, let me ask, what's your general feedback on this? Look and feel that? Yeah, here with the graphics and everything. Okay, good. Um, Mohammad is asking are we working on something as a part today? Yes, you are, Yes, So organized. Okay, good. It doesn't feel organized, but I just think it will settle down and it will be good. Uh huh. Okay, that's good too, yep. So way is clarifying number one overview of the course E class site that we're just finishing up number two, we're going to do break out and number three we're going to do the resource, so that's our agenda for today. Okay, so I think. Okay. Nice, Nice. Okay, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to sign off on this recording because I want to record the, I don't want to record the breakout rooms because that's just going to be like a big mess and I'm going to record the resource pack discussion separately, so I'm going to stop this recording
