SPEAKER 0
Okay, so welcome everyone. We're gathered here for a class meeting four. Uh, this is section, they were welcoming new classmates. So if you're new to this class meeting, uh, please stay tuned. I will take a portion of this class to uh find a way to bring you into the learning pause and um, you will have a bit of catching up to do. There's now, this is class meeting four. So class meetings 123. you'll have to just go back and um look at the materials and the recordings. Although I will note that I'm slightly delayed with the recordings from class many three, but stay tuned. They'll be posted today. So, let's see here our agenda for today. First we acknowledge intellectual property. Now, here's the agenda. So this is, I think what did this add up to 70, 77 minutes. So it's tight. So I want to do a calendar review what is due when I want to just talk about module to which is launching. We're at the end of module one now, but module two will begin on Wednesday. I want to talk about a deliverable, which is the module one reflection piece. I want to talk about the quiz briefly and I want to just take a chance to get everyone together and say, here's a checklist. How do you know if your pod is functioning well on this big challenging pod based activity. So again, um Maude module 01. Dark pattern analysis activity is being done by an entire pod, the whole pod hands it in and the whole pod gets a grade together. So it's a very challenging thing and it's my, you know, tough love, I'm throwing you in the deep end, see how you can manage in this really challenging group activity and use that as like the motivation to learn about how to be a good uh teammate and also what makes for a functioning team. And then we go into the breakout rooms. Now, some class members are coming for the first time today, I'm going to put you in a pod, you're going to go into your pod, introduce yourselves. The pods are very friendly. I've seen your pod will welcome you and you're going to ask is it possible for you to still do a piece of work to contribute to this activity? There's lots of small things to do and I think that um provided the in the very extremely unlikely case that a pod has completely finished all of the submission has actually submitted it. There's still something to do, even if it's only double checking the coding of another uh part of the data set or something like that. So, pod members who are here already, please do your best to welcome in the new members. It's not their fault that they couldn't get into the course until now we're gonna try and just accommodate everyone and um come up with a solution. I'm going to monitor the chat right now. I didn't get a chance to open discord. So I'm not looking at it right now. Maybe I should, I will look at it but I'm not going to be able to do much monitoring the chat and the discord during class. Okay. It's starting up. So if other members of the class can be on discord and answer your teammates as best you can or flag it to my attention. Hang on. I've got to find real estate for all these windows. I have three monitors but it's still not enough. Okay, being out there closing this. Okay, so bow is mentioning to part E. Uh let me just see here for a sec. Yes, it's true that I don't have, I have a bought for doing role assignment but I'm still triggering it manually. Okay, so four people just join the discord and I gave you student roles so that you can see all the channels. Not every pot has their own private discord server. Some of the pods are using the channels in the course discourse server. Okay, so calendar review. Let's not spend a lot of time on that. Here is the student view of of course website and the thing I like to do at the beginning is go to the calendar and just have a look together and here's today. Oh sorry, here's today, monday to sunday and you're like sweet mother, What is all this crap? It's totally overwhelming. And to be totally honest, e class is a bit irritating because all these things are truncated. There's no way to is there a way to. Uh huh Hang on a sec. I'm not in student view, I'm in Professor of you. I have to change it. Okay, back to this. I was just noticing that I could drag and drop calendar entries. I'm like can a student really do that see now? I can't do it. Okay so obviously E class does not have a super interface because you can't see this and you have no way of expanding out of the box, you just have to mouse over each thing and let's just review what today we have our class meeting, Section eight and section B. We have a whole bunch of things that are completion tracking. So you check these things off yourself, participate in class meeting. Here's a practice module. New members of the class, the Be aware that you have a lot of things to do but it's on your own and you just check when they're completed. I'm assuming that you're finishing the resource packs here. Resource human one Design one designed to I'm putting them do today because tomorrow the quiz opens so you can't do the quiz if you haven't reviewed the resource packs. Uh So everything here is just auto tracking things that are pushing you along. This is what you should be done now. Tomorrow The quiz opens 9 45 Until 945 the next day strategically. It's 15 minutes before the 10 o'clock start time for this. Um Section eight on Wednesday. So I don't want the quiz open during the Class 15 minutes before it's open here. Let's open this up. It's open for 24 hours. Once you open the quiz, you have three hours to complete the quiz. My friends. It takes like 10 minutes to finish this quiz. It's way, way over specified. And that's because this is not a quiz where to do. Well means you have to do things fast. You can consult the resource packs, you can look at your notes, you just can't talk with one another and I'm going to be totally up front. I have no way to enforce this. I don't believe in the surveillance software to track you. So I'm just going to use the owner system and if you feel you really need to collude with a colleague for a 2% quiz, that's something that you know is not anything I can never like productively intervening. That's just like a life choice. So I'm assuming we're all like here to learn and you've paid your tuition to learn. So if you're going to like collude then like that's out of the scope of what I can do to support your learning. So um yeah that's it. So it's on these three resource packs you can look at them. There's a bank of multiple choice questions. I randomly choose eight of those questions and that's what you get. So it's going to be out of eight and they're multiple choice. And when the quizzes done, you get your results back at that moment, you can see your answers, but you don't know if they're correct or not until the quiz is finished and that's that's all the quizzes. So a number of students are receiving academic accommodation. I'm totally cool with that, but I feel that I don't need to implement any accommodation in the form of additional time for this quiz because it's already like 20 times longer than the quiz will actually take. But in the very unlikely event that you actually need more than three hours to complete a 10 minute quiz. That's fine. Just like email me and I will make an accommodation for you. But I did this kind of universal design approach to help students. So they don't have to like get all, you know, they don't have to be stressed at the time. Okay, so that's the quiz. Let's do that's opening tomorrow now tomorrow at midnight I'm asking you to complete a reflection piece. And as you know, the dark pattern activity is due tomorrow at midnight as well. So what else do we have here Wednesday? So you're going to submit? Uh Tuesday night, the dark pattern and if there should there be any issue with your pod, like there's a member who didn't Uh contribute at all because they didn't come to the class or they joined too late and there wasn't anything for them to do. This is the mechanism that you report and you have 24 hours after the close to do it. So that's that's whatever here. Okay, this is a checklist that is due. Uh It's a self checked out thing, like a completion check. Uh huh. This is a checklist that you can complete on your own manually check it off. Okay, so let's go back here. Class discussion. Something's happening here. Uh huh. Okay. So people are talking about module one Activity one. So that's something that was originally on the roster for this module. And to be totally honest, I failed to post it with enough time. And at a fairness I thought this is just to over. I mean people are still joining the course. We're just going to push that later. Maybe spread it out over the other modules. So that in some is what to do this module, the reflection piece, the quiz and the dark pattern analysis. Okay, let's see. Here are sheep is saying are steep. Sorry, top left hamburger menu. I think someone's asking how do you see this? Is that what the discussion is? Okay, So let's see here, did I finish the calendar review? Its 10 16 and we're supposed to it's supposed to be 10 05 at this point. So let's motor on uh module two is flipped. So that means that you come to class, we're going to have a class activity, we're not going to spend time with me going through the resource pack. I'm gonna post the recording of the resource pack in advance. And class members are expected to have you that before coming to class, Section eight, you have an extra challenge because the materials for the module get released monday eight p.m. And when you come to class on Wednesday 10 am I'm expecting you to have listened to this video, it's going to be around 20 minutes. It's 24 hours. You know, I think you can manage to find 20 minutes in there to listen to the video in advance. If you don't, you're going to come in, you're going to go into your pod, you're not going to be able to contribute because you won't be prepared by knowing the material in advance. So that's just I want you to flag that. Okay. Maude Module one reflection piece. This is a piece that's worth 1%. Let's have a look. Okay. I just this is another, it is the case that E class which is actually model rebranded model has some usability issues. I'm just going to like own it up front. For instance, this template, the navigation is not working. 100%. And um, the calendar is overwhelming when there's lots of completion tracking items. It like swamps the calendar entry and here's a third thing that's a problem. So I am asking everyone in the class to complete this reflection piece. And I want you to do it in this journal. But when I put up a journal and it has a deadline, like it's going to close tomorrow at midnight. That deadline does not show up in the calendar. It's so stupid. So what I did is I created a dummy entry that will appear on the calendar to remind you that you have to do it. So what you need to do for the journal is very straightforward. You get 1% for typing five sentences. It's like a gift. If you're going to be cynical, you can just do this thing and get your 1%. But if you want to actually achieve the objectives of the exercise which is for you to develop reflective habits and reflective mindset. And this actually like there's a crap ton of empirical evidence that shows that this actually helps with learning. So what I am instituting this the term is small reflection pieces. Each module where you have a chance to reflect on your experiences and what this does is built in sight and helps you start to get some insight on your own learning style in your processes because this is what we call meta cognition. Like thinking about thinking metal learning, how do I learn and if you have, if you can further develop insights about that, then that's of service, not just for this course, but in general like to be learning over your whole life. So just take 5 to 10 minutes to respond to the questioning the questions below. So these five items are taken from what's called a critical incident like pedagogical approach, which is these five kinds of things. If you uh notice them and think about them and why why were they notable then that helps, helps you understand like what it is that you get it of learning, How do you interface with the class and so on. So question one, at what moment during this module did you feel most engaged with what was happening? And I'm going to see, I think a variety of answers here. I'm also going to look at the answers because that helps me, you know, um understand what's engaging to students. I have some intuitions, but until I gather data and don't really 100% no. Number two, at what moment during this module were you most distance from what's happening? Number three, what action did anyone take during the module that you found most affirming or helpful? And anyone means me the other co instructor mana or any of your fellow students. Number four. What action did anyone take during the module that you found most puzzling and confusing? It can be anyone. I suspect I did a few things maybe more than a few things that were puzzling or confusing. I apologize, it helps me understand what they were if you answer this or other students to. That's fine and last. What about the module surprised you the most. This can be about your own reactions to went on, went on something that others did or something. Anything else that occurs. So five questions. This is graded on the four point scale, which is below expectations, marginally meets expectations. Meet expectations, exceeds expectations. If you meet expectations, you get a great to be on this. So the four point scale is mapped into the letter scale obviously for values is not the same as nine possible letter grades. So the possible grades are A plus B. Uh D is marginally meeting expectations and f is you didn't hand in anything. So to meet expectations, I just need to see one sentence for each of these. That's it. And substantive. So it can't be some generic thing that any person could have. Like written about anything. Like it has to be connected to your own personal experience and this course. So substantive, I'm looking for like a concrete detail so I can understand what it is you're referring to, if you go above and beyond the Call of duty, then you're into the exceeds expectations um territory. So don't write like gone with the Wind. This is not like a 300 word thing. You know, like maybe two sentences instead of one is exceeds expectations or if you want to provide some kind of follow up or feedback or something. So I hope we're all clear on what this is and um how it's just really seemingly a modest thing to ask for like 1% but my experience tells me that you know some chunk of the class just won't do this or they'll do it in a really like fast way that is not like matching with what we're looking for in this module. Okay, so that's the module one reflection the quiz. I think I've already talked about the quiz. It's open for 24 hours when you started, you have three hours to complete it really, it only takes 10 minutes to do, but I'm being super cautious and generous and I guess the only thing further I want to say about that is once you start the quiz, like it started, so if your network connection drops in the middle of it, whatever you've completed up until that point that gets submitted as your like submission. So obviously don't start this quiz if you're like on your mobile device on like public transit and like, you know your bus goes under the bridge and then you lose your connection so it's like a kind of high stakes thing so make sure that your, you know, set and you can finish the whole thing all in one sitting technical things can and do happen. So I'm not like totally not understanding about that, but I mean it shouldn't happen. So we'll see, you know, if I have to do anything about it, Jeff kwong you have your hand up? Go ahead? Uh so can we go back on a question? Oh yeah, that's a good question. Thanks for raising that. My so I think you're reacting to the format of some quizzes where you answer a question and you go to the next page and then you go to the next page. All the questions, not all the questions are all in one spot. Is that what you're getting at? Yeah, I don't use that at all. I don't think, I don't know that's you know, sometimes instructors think you know what the quizzes so easy, I better create lots of hoops to make it harder. So not all the students get 100 I don't have that philosophy, I put all the questions on one page, you can answer them in any order you want. There's no like, you know, you move forward and you lose access to the thing before there's none of that. I want you to all get 100 in fact, but not cheating. I want you all to get 100 by looking at the resource packs and seeing what's written there and applying it to the questions. Okay, so that answers that question Oh fame says thank you for not being like that. Yeah, I just tried to apply the rule like if I were a student, what would I like and I can tell you that if an instructor gave me that format, that would just piss me off. Like why be like that. Why are you creating groups for? No, like pedagogical reason, is it a learning outcome to have like vast working memory? No, so just like taylor the questions to what we want you to know. Yeah, totally. There's too much stress already. We don't need to add extra stress two things. Okay, so that's the quiz. I have done a good job as an instructor if you all get 100% without cheating. That's my test. I'm not looking to like so called Bell anything or to see that my class follows a certain distribution of grades. You can all get 100 that's that's fine. I want you to okay, uh recap it phases for pod based activities, planning, doing, submitting. So the background on this is last class I talked about. Design work is teamwork and best practices for project management and what it takes to be like a good team member the five competencies. And then I just said peg copepods go and do and I told you that good project um Management has phases and I, you know, said directly that the phases for this project are like planning, implementing or doing and get anything submitted. So there's the three phases but I left it up to the pods to try to like design schedules for those three phases themselves. So what I did in the next two slides, Three sides is I made like a checklist and these things are also available on the course website here. It's up as checklists for phases. Before I move on though, I noticed that in the discord channels a lot of pods are using google docs to coordinate. That's fine. But you all students have access to the office three, office 3 65 I wrote through 60 typo so you just google like york student office 3 65 and then you can easily find the top hit is like york university, I'm a student. How do I get access to the Microsoft office suite and it gives you instructions so you can set up a word document or you can have a shared excel sheet and you can set up access to your other pod mates by naming them. See, google sheets is like out there in the cloud, you have no way to set up access and so on. Well maybe you do, I think you do, but if you want to use the infrastructure that the university has, you can use office 3 65 and that's different than google. I mean really if we want to be open, we should use open source tools like uh libera and other things like that, but google docs. Yeah, it's true. That's why I don't have a strong preference. You can use google docs if you like, if you can get the security part nailed down um but if you want to use the office suite, you also have access to it. Some students don't realize that you have free office but I just wanted to flag that. But good point Fadi that whatever people want to use that's comfortable, that's what you should use. Okay so here's the checklist. Does everyone know each other? Are all the party members connected with each other? Like for passing messages? Are you did you figure out a way to do it? I suspect the vast majority of you will use discord, some people will use group messages on E class. Some people are just going to use email WhatsApp like use the thing that works for your pod if you have missing pod members and you know who your pod members are from the list of what is my learning pod. Did you make a good faith effort to reach out? It's one of the competencies of being a good teammate is to be open with communication. So make like a one or two tries good faith effort. You don't, you're not responsible for making your pod members be part of the activity but you should at least give them a fighting chance by reaching out to them. Number four has a strategy been selected for dividing up the work and by strategy. I mean divide and conquer one, divide and conquer to. Uh this iterative approach where everyone takes a stab at the first thing and then you like refine there's different strategies but high level strategy is going to determine how you divvy up the work. Do you have rules established and does everyone understand their roles? So there's workers like people who are doing the task, there's checkers, you have to make sure that what got done is done properly. Uh You need some kind of coordinator or leader to like, you know, watch the schedule and check that people are on track and be a coordination point and you need someone, one person has to submit the thing. Okay. The house saying I just enrolled in the course yesterday and I haven't signed up for a group yet. What should I do? So as I said at the start of the class, before we were gonna go into breakout sessions. The people who are not in a pod, I'm gonna, you're gonna be left behind. I'm gonna put you in a pod and then you're going to go and join your pod members in the class. So if you're not in a pod yet, don't worry, I'm going to put you in a pod during this class. Okay. Is the timeline established? Is there a clearly understood wrap up time for each of the planning doing in 17 phases? So the doing is not done. The doing face doesn't finish at 11:59 Tuesday. That's the submission deadline. You should have everything done well in advance of that and then you should carve out a window, This is our submission phase, you know, six hours before the deadline or the day before the deadline or if you're really risky, the hour before the deadline, you know, choose the window and when that submission window phases, opening the doing is done. You have to find a cut off point saying with the planning like we've done our initial plan, okay now we're moving on to the doing so you should have in your pot a clearer, clear and mutually understood set of phase time ease. How's the party going to communicate? So here, you know, you're connecting with one another, but have you established expectations for responsiveness? Like in general we're going to answer within the hour or I can't answer within the hour. I'm going to answer within 24 hours. You have to have a conversation about that because misunderstandings occur. People think that a pod member is ditching the group. They're not, they just like they have a job and they can't like answer during their shift for instance or they have whatever. Like they're just not. Not, everyone is glued to their device 24/7. Uh And then how is the pod going to manage content? You need to have some shared documents, google dogs. Office 3 65 whatever. Like one person can own it and then everyone sends the contact to them. There's a lot of different ways to do it. You just need to choose one. So that's just like the planning phase, there's a lot there and we have like a natural experiment because this uh section, the data sets did not get released until the day after your organizing session. And then for pod of her section B, the data sets were already released. So I suspect that this my my conjecture is that this section is going to have better planning then Section B. Why? Because if you have the dataset, it's like irresistible that you want to open it and start doing the data coding right away. You want to start doing the analysis When I say coding, I mean assigning the categories to the rose and by not having the data, it forced you to spend time on the planning section B. They don't I think they're going to succumb to the allure of starting to get open up the data and start working without making the plan first. So um I'm just noticing here something to discard, Give me a second to answer that. So yeah, it's really important to do the planning before you start doing any work. Now assuming you have the plan. Now you're doing work. There's two parts, there's the foundational part and then there's assembling and checking it. So have you coated all the records, have borderline cases of design examples been commented. Has all this work been checked by another person. You have a pot of like 13 people. You've got like lots of human resource. So you can afford to allocate a checker for everything. Every single piece of work can be checked by another person. It's like an amazing luxury. Do you have a list built for each of the seven dark pattern types? Do you have a selection made from that list? You've chosen the single best example where best means most illustrative Best illustrates the category of design pattern and last all that teamwork planning work. Is it like captured in a document? Because that's undeliverable? Uh Yeah. So that's just like doing the work but then you have to assemble it. So is the data workbook ready for submission? Did someone check that it conforms to the specifications? I will be anal and and anal about this. So if you name the file wrong, that's it. You don't meet expectations. If you add columns that you're not supposed to add, you're not going to meet expectations. If you I don't know, mess with the the workbook in any shape or form other than filling out those columns that are specified. You don't need expectations. So there's no excuse for any pod to not hand in all of the files. Exactly per specification. And I suggest human nature being what it is that you double check is it's very easy to make a bad assumption about things or to do something and not notice it necessarily. Yeah. So is the gallery document ready for submission? So you have to prepare document. Does it include the required elements. Did someone check that it conforms to the specifications? And then the 3rd deliverable is the teamwork planning work document, the team notes document. Is it ready to be submitted? Hasn't been checked for conformance. So once the checking has done then that brings us to the end of the doing, then we moved to submission phase submitting. So whoever is in the similar role should have access to all of the polished and finalist documents by the start of the submission phase there has to be a coordination or hand off at that point. Um Does the pod have any members who do not contribute to the deliverables? At that point? There should be an idea of does this situation exists. Has the senator completed the submission of all the files on behalf of the pod? Like they hit submit. Okay good, you made it to the deadline, everything submitted last. Did the submit her like communicate with the pot and say, hey I did it here it is, here's the confirmation or look on it or you know I was going to submit but then my internet went down so I did it like five minutes later. Like just communicate back with your pod members because the pod members are putting all their faith and trust in you. The submit er to get the thing submitted. So you know you've got to honor that trust and faith by communicating back with them and confirming that I got done. Some question that someone might ask is like uh for a given pod? This person did a submission and then this other person did another submission? So that's like not good. Right? So the one the second person's submission will clobber the first person submission. So all the way until the deadline you can keep submitting And whatever submission will override the previous one. So if that happens, that signals a coordination problem in the pod and you know that's up to the pot to coordinate. Okay, so that's my checklist and I put it there just to help pods because not all pods are equally experienced in doing teamwork. So that brings us here to go into your breakout rooms. I know that you're all busy and you can't necessarily meet outside of class. So I'm setting aside time right now for you to go and to spend the time together doing what needs to be done. Hopefully all your planning is done. But maybe not even if it's not, there's still enough time to get the thing completed and submitted by the midnight the deadline of tomorrow midnight? Any questions before we go into breakout session? Okay Rohan is asking for the gallery of examples. Are we allowed to use the data set? Given for the examples ah You mean your pod has your pod specific data set? You have to use that data set. You have to build your gallery from your data set? If I'm understanding your question Ron? Okay good. Someone asked what happens if my data set not in this session? What happens if the data set does not have an example of a design dark pattern. So I guess in that case you say does not exist or did I say anything in the assignment? I think maybe I said something different. Hang on, let me double check. I just want to make sure I'm consistent. Let's just read the specification. Does it say anything? Does anyone know if I answered this gallery of examples? Yes. To double check the gallery of examples is from your data set and not the external examples you find. Right. So here's the gallery of examples. Let me make this bigger. Prepare a document that contains seven sections, one for each. Dark pattern type in each section provide a list of the examples here. These are the examples from the data set coding. Select the most illustrative example from the list of examples. For example an exam, an example that could be used for teaching purposes. The title of the document is this do not add a header page. Don't add the names. Don't end any information like this. Try to make the document as compact as possible. So I don't think I address this situation where you don't have has anyone found that in their data set that there's one dark pattern type that's totally not represented at all. Yeah, scarcity, scarcity. Okay so I didn't address this. So uh let me think about how to handle that situation? If there's a missing, if your data set does not contain a dark pattern of a certain type at all then you're gonna have a hard time building an example for the gallery. So let me think on that. Now Fahima saying Arpad did a gallery of examples solely from the external examples. So that's a case where the specification was not followed. So it's very clear. Choose an example from the list. You're building a list from your data set and you're choosing from the data set. So please go back and choose examples from your data set. Uh So uh Adrian insane. The group didn't have an example of the scarcity. Uh You book who is saying you have a duplicate data and the data set. Do we have any instruction? Is this this? Okay I have to look into this. So you're saying that like data set 1 200 and then 101 - 200 are exactly the same. You were cute. Yes. Okay that's an error. Uh Let me what part is this. I'll come into your part and discuss it with you. Can you pod c. Section a quality. Okay so pod see let me come into your room and I'll I'll ask you a few questions about how to handle the situation. Um Mohammed is asking another question I wanted us do we have to set one dark pattern for each entry or can we select multiple dark patterns for an entry If they fit this fits in the category of like your interpretation. So there should be one law one X. And one X. Only per lying only one X. Perot. But if you have a case where you think it's multiple things then add in your coding comment column. Why? Like choose one and then just add a line. Like this also could have been counted as blah but instead we chose it under this category for whatever reason just clarify why. Note note the fact that it was um difficult to code uniquely and make a decision and documented in the coding. Um column daniel saying does this mean we have to put a list of examples of each dark pattern type from the data set and then choke post the best example of each. Yes yes it means exactly that. So the document like Section one Let's say you're using this order sneaking and then you include like a table or a list of all the sneaking examples and it's up to you to choose a good way to report that a little table perhaps. And then of the all of those you say we chose blah like uh Design example 008 or whatever as our example from this list. So obviously we're going to look to see the example you chose. Is it on the list of the examples that you're including perception. So every section is going to have a list and from the list you're gonna choose one of those and then that's the one that's going to appear. And if you want to be like uh good in your report, you include an image of the design example, you just don't list it but help the readers see what the example is. So I hope that answers Daniel's question. Uh Daniel saying or only the best example. No you need the list and the best example from the list uh Phillip is saying do we need to put the list in our gallery or it's just for selection? No, I want to see the list. So each section has the list. Okay, Alice says you also notice the same thing as you go. Are you're in a different Alice? Which your pod e. Okay, pod. E. Okay. So both of, I know that um The data set is being quoted by two or 3 groups. So this one, do you know the name of the data set off hand? So I don't have to look it up. Data Set three. Okay. Uh Duke sorry if this question has already asked but what if one of the dark patterns didn't have the best example of a dark pattern? So you're saying There's two ways to interpret this question for a particular dark pattern type. There's no examples at all. So I can't even choose from. The list is empty. I don't have nothing to choose. But the other cases that there's no examples of that type and I was just saying I didn't put this in the the specification so I have to think about what to do. Let me just read this carefully because I would have thought that I would have included this. I think what I'm going to do in that case is if if there is no example then you just say no example, that's what I'm going to decide. So I'm going to put this in the thing so if your data set truly does not have an example then um leave that section like the list is empty and there's no example but be sure right I would suggest that another team member go through and just verify that. Indeed there is no example of that. Uh Okay pas de faces faces the same issue as you bought analysis. There's a duplicate what data said. Is that Ash? The Okay. No problem. So that's an error and that's that's my error because I prepared the data sets and I guess I did it in a way and I didn't notice the duplication so I will fix that for you as soon as I can. Okay so I think it's 10:48. There is like a good half an hour left. So I'm gonna put you into breakout rooms and there's I think a few students are going to be left in the main room. So I'm going to put you into a breakout room and you're going to introduce yourself to the pods. Data set one. Okay So my apologies about data set one and three having duplicates. I don't know why that happened. I'm going to have to yeah go ahead. I think Dataset six also also has duplicates. Does anyone confirm a data set does not have duplicates. Thank you for letting me know. No, I'm just like frustrated with myself. How did I produce bad data sets? Data set to has duplicates. Okay well you know what I'm going to just say that since the problem is widespread um when they're duplicates, is it exactly the same you RL of the posting? Yes professor. There's been instances where it's different. You RLS and the post is like in the title of the Reddit post, it might vary by like one or two words that the content of it is exactly listening. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you for that. So I I'm now thinking that this is um An issue with the scraper that I'm using. So I scraped 200 records but I'm this is like a cloud based front end to like a back end that's doing scraping of the reddit set and I suspect that the scraping is getting some issues. So you know it has to do with how red it is receiving and storing the post and how the scraper is doing this to so I'm just going to chalk it up to bad data. This is like the nature of doing data analysis. Sometimes you have bad data so some teams have to code more things than others. If you have duplicates and you verify their duplicates then I guess you're just kind of you have less good data to work with. So that's just the way it's going to be. So if you have only 100 design examples and my estimate is like a good chunk of them are actually not um You can't code them, they're either like deleted or they they're not like dark patterns. Then you don't have very much data to work with. So I mean that's it's not gonna be your fault. So you have the expectations here just do the assignment as its asked you to do it do the best you can with the data you have and you're not gonna be penalized for um for having like a smaller data set because it contains duplicates. So yeah I didn't actually to be totally honest look through every single line and catch the duplicate issue. So um that's just it's learning experience that this way of scraping them creates duplicates for some reason. Okay so let me post a clarification about that to the class. Um Let's see here J. Is saying each part was given to data sets. Are we supposed to code both data sets. I don't think that's true J each party was giving one data set but maybe you're confused because yeah like pot A. Their section a pod A. And then there's section B. Part A. And in retrospect I should have named the pause you uniquely. Like not we used A. For both section A and B. So that's like my learning as well. So one data set. Yeah. Okay good. Sit you boaz. Are we allowed to delete the duplicate data set or leave the duplicate data set blank. So um this is a very good question. The specification is really clear. Do not alter the worksheet. Don't delete anything believe it exactly. Only add X. Is in the columns and why? Because later I'm gonna give you a task to measure inter coder reliability and to do other things. So I need the data says exactly the same. So do not do not delete anything. You need to make a judgment call you can add a comment, this is a duplicate. You can recode it, making sure that it's coded exactly the same or leave it blank and just add a coding comment. So do something reasonable. I would say put the X. Every row should have an excellent. And if you have a duplicate make sure your coding is consistent and note the second duplicate say this is a duplicate of blah blah blah and give the name that's what I would do. Okay good Shannon is saying our group just made sure duplicates had the same answer in comments brilliant. That's the right thing to do in my opinion. Okay, so shall we go into break out groups? Let me just get a sense of like type in the chat. What percentage your pod is done? Like 100% means you're completely ready and you've submitted 90% is like it's done and it just needs to be submitted. 50% is like you're halfway done the work. Let me just get some rough Feedback quickly here, 85. Okay, good, 90 good, 90. Okay, 90 70. Okay. More. I want to see more please, 90 K Good. I guess this kind of request for feedback. If your group is like, You know, hasn't started yet, you're not going to like say, Oh we have done 0%. Like there's a bit of self identity. There's identity management here. Only people with good results are going to be saying them publicly. Okay, so if you're done, then use the breakout session to like chat with your pod mates and I don't know. You can always reflect on things. Make double check your work. If you're in a pod that is like 90% done and you're getting a new pod Nate, please do your best to find a job for that person. Ask them to double check review things. You know, find find a way to include people. Okay, 93% James rates. That's very precise. I love it. Okay, so let's go into the breakout rooms. You did the math. Okay, what's the denominator then? You've enumerated all the things. 100, I see. Okay. By coding the data records, that's just part of the assignment. You have to get the um, documents written up. They have to be checked. So I guess it's in how you do the counting. Okay, so let's go into the breakout rooms. We have 99 participants here, so that's good. I think there's about 15 people missing from the class and so the breakout rooms are going to go, People are going to get moved automatically. If you're left behind in the main room, that means you're something that you don't have a pod to be assigned to. And I'm going to work on you one on one. So pods just be aware that people might be coming in stand by for that. Okay, so break out rooms, We're going to do that now. I'm going to stop the recording now.
