SPEAKER 0
Okay, so welcome everyone. This is section B and we're in class meeting for and a warm welcome to any students who are just joining us for the first time, There's a few late newcomers to the course, but you're welcome. And don't worry, you can still catch up and there's no issue there. So let's get started. Uh, here's the intellectual property notice and here's the agenda for this class meeting. So, oh, um, so we're going to do a quick calendar review and by that, I mean, let's look at the calendar and see what to do and you'll see um there's three things that are coming up that are due. So we're going to go through all of them module to I want to talk about. Then I'm going to talk about the module one reflection. Then I'm going to talk about the quiz. Then I'm gonna do a recap of the three phases for the activity that you're doing as a pod, the planning phase, the doing phase and the submitting phase. And I'm just like be laboring the importance of good project management practices for the benefit, not just of this pod based activity, the one that you're working on right now, but in this course in general, and hopefully for like life in general, and then we're going to go into the pods into the breakout rooms. So the pods have a bit of protected time to continue on their group activity. So that's our plan and if all goes according to plan, you'll have 15 minutes in your pods. But to be totally honest, the last class, this agenda was like wildly optimistic and the pods only had half an hour. So I'll try to speed things up so that you have more time in your pods. Okay, So calendar review. So let's go here and part of this is just to like, I guess in a group setting like mutually complain about e class because it's really like it's good in some ways, but in other ways it just blows so hard. So yeah, I don't even know what to do about it. Here is the calendar and I like to say to students like consult the calendar. The course has got a lot of moving parts and it's hard to keep track of everything. Navigation on the site is always a challenge. So the calendar is like the thing to look at. So we look here, this is today Monday, the 20th election day. If you're gonna vote, you make sure you vote then this is tomorrow and then this is Wednesday. So the first thing to note is for today. Like what the heck? There's too much crap in here and it's all truncated so you can't see it. So these first four lines are the start and stop of the class feedings. Here we are in this class meeting. Then we have a whole bunch of these um, completion activities. So these are things that I've posted basically you have to read and you either manually mark that you've completed the activity or it gets completed automatically when you read it. So here is just like a bunch of things you need to read. The he uh the resource packs and you have to look at these prestigious modules. So there's a whole bunch of things that there's no marks for these things, but it's just for you to have a good sense that you're on track tomorrow. We got stuff happening. So Tuesday the quizzes opening, I'll talk more about that. The reflection piece is due uh and it's due tomorrow at midnight. And um this is the module. So for the forum, if you're going to post anything, you can do it by tomorrow because there's no point after that because the assignment is submitted and the dark pattern activity is um is due tomorrow at midnight. So we've got a lot of things to do. We've got the dark pattern things do and your reflection is due. And the quiz opens. Okay. Uh juan, Go ahead. Uh Sorry, I just want to double check is the only thing we have to do individually. The reflection and the and the quiz. Yeah. There's three things uh that you need to complete for the module. There were four things. There was an individual activity but to be totally honest, I dropped the ball and I didn't post it with enough time. So I I removed it from the module because it's the first week of class. Let's just like not stress ourselves. So we're going to just do those three things. The dark pattern activity. That's a pod based activity. The quiz you do individually and the reflection you do individually. Can you explain what we have to do for the reflection? Yes, I'm going to go through all of that next. So this this part is just like here is the calendar and I just want to point out some of these things are do deliverables with deadlines. Other things are self completion. Okay, so back to the agenda. Uh So I'll talk about the reflection and I'll talk about the quiz. But first I want to talk about module to, so this is the last class meeting for module one. Module one is done tomorrow night at midnight and then we start module to So module two is flipped meaning when we have our next class meeting. So we see each other again on Friday. We're gonna do an activity right during the class time. And to do the activity. You need to do the prep and the prep is going to be posted by today by eight p.m. And the prep basically is watch some videos. Maybe do some readings. So I just want to alert everyone to make time to do this prep work before a class on friday. Uh Okay, so let me just read the chat. Ah She does sorry if Shada shida asked about the quiz. That's right, Shida. Yeah. Yes, it's shade a shady. Okay, my apologies. You asked the question and your classmate Neil Shauna answered, thank you so very much for that. Uh and then I have a direct message. Uh, so the person who direct message me, I'm gonna not be able to answer you exactly now, but I will during the class and harming is also asked, answering about the quiz. And Diego is asking about the slides. You can find the slides on the course website as soon as I post them, I didn't do it. I'm sorry, the slides are only this, so you're not missing out too much. But I will post it after class with apologies. Sorry, Diego. I I didn't, I forgot actually to post the slide. So apologies for that. Okay, so, I think I'm caught up on the chat and I'm not able to do much on discord uh, during class because it's too much to juggle. Uh, Okay, so, uh, module two is flipped and it's going to be posted today and you I'm expecting you to come to class friday. Having viewed the material, it's more of an issue for section A because the materials get released on monday. Did I hit record. Yes, I did. Um, the materials get released monday and they have to view it by Wednesday. So they've got the one day, but you have more days. So you're the lucky ones. Now, I'm going to talk about the reflection. Okay, now here, let's look at the reflection. Let me just find it here reflect. Okay, so the first thing I want to point out is this is the thing you do to do receive a grade. Here's the specification, Here's what you are being asked to do. I always break apart the specification from the submission module because I want this always to be visible, even if this thing is closed or hidden. For whatever reason, this thing here is a dummy entry. And the reason why there is a dummy entry is because this stupid journal module in e class does not put a deadline into the calendar. Only this one does. So I find that like stupid. Why don't if there's something that you have to do the due date should always be a parent in the calendar, but it's just like a shortcoming of this particular module. So that's number one. Number 2, what do you need to do? So this is worth 1%. And this is uh my experiment with a pedagogical technique for this full term, which is to uh invite students to participate in reflection and studies show that if you engage in reflection, this is actually good for your learning and you know, I want you to of course learn the material in this course, but I want you to be good learners in general, not just university students, but good learners in life. So I'm like all for this. If this is going to help you be a good learner, let's try it. So it's worth 1%, you're going to engage in this short writing exercise because I want you to build reflective habits and a reflective mindset. And when you do this you develop an ability and willingness to reflect on your own experiences. So you gain learning from them, you can develop insights about your own learning style and processes. And if you know the best way you learn, like for instance what you find exciting, what you find puzzling, then you can do something about it, you can become more active, you know, in that process. So what I'm asking you to do is to respond to each of these five questions. It should take you 5 to 10 minutes. You need to write just one sentence for each to meet expectations. And these questions, I didn't just cook them up there from something called a critical Incident Framework for learning. So these five attributes, you know, shadow uh shed light, you know, give you a window onto your learning style. Mm hmm. May you work on E class? Oh my goodness, you're gonna be sorry you reveal that because all of my complaining about E class is going to go to me. So are you working for U. I. T. Yeah, I was I'm working for like I've been working for like a year now. Oh man, we have an insider. That's awesome. So the journal module I know got discontinued in the current version of uh model. And it got added in as like an add on module. So yeah so just may well know this. But for everyone else here E classes just model it's just rebranded. So we have the first model installation and now we have a second model installation but we call it class. So. Yeah. Um Yeah so and you know what maybe there's a guy on Reddit like uh you slash that E. Class guy or something. Do you know that person? Uh No I don't think so. Oh there's like some roads you know? Yeah so that's actually that's where I get most of my information about what you eat is up to with the classes through Reddit because our friends in new I. T. Are not exactly forthcoming with timely information. I have to not your fault. So you know just I'm gonna I'm gonna stop with that. Okay so five questions at what moment during this module did you feel most engaged with? What's happening? Tell me I would like to know and I think you should figure out for yourself what you found most engaging at what moment during this module were you most distance from what happened was happening? So distance means like I don't know what's going on. Like I'm just like out of here. Uh Number three did what action did anyone take during the module that you found to be the most affirming or helpful and anyone means like me or the other co instructor mana or another student for that matter. Doesn't matter anyone. Number four, what action did anyone take during the module that you found most puzzling or confusing? I have a suspicion that it will be things I did I didn't mean to do but you know anyway it's area for improvement. Tell me I would like to know and I think you should reflect on it as well. Last. What about the module? Surprised you the most and the surprising thing can be anything. It could be your own reaction to what went on. Like for instance uh I thought I would hate this but actually it turned out to be kind of enjoyable or um I usually like group work but my particular pod I think I'm not going to like it. I'm surprised because I wasn't expecting that. So your reaction in the positive or the negative, hopefully it's all positive but negative is fine too. Um Something that someone did or anything else that occurred. So surprising. So surprises about your expectation versus what happened? Uh 200 Data Set. 0.0 Alexis. Your post is confusing me. What does it mean? Is it this that was surprising that you had 200 data sets? Yeah and that's not 0.0 is just like an emoji or something. Okay, it's like you had one data set with 200 records but in all honesty we have a crew of 13 people to tackle it. So it's like 10 records per person. But I Okay, so anyway, that's the reflection. What you have to do is you go into the journal and then you start your entry. I cut and pasted it here and I just added some crap blah blah blah. But you know here I will add a substantive sentence and to submit all you do is save it so you can add to it, change it. You know, all you want all the way until midnight tomorrow And that's all you do. It's really done simple and it's worth 1% and for 1% all you need to do like it's greater than the four point scale. So if you meet expectation and meeting expectation is a B. In this course you just need to include one substantive sentence per question. And substance substantive means just not some bs vague thing but like something with substance, something that like actually reflects to the course. So just one sentence that gets you the B if you want to go above and beyond the Call of Duty make it two substantive sentences or a sentence that's like particularly you know detailed. So the bar is pretty low here just to get your B you just have to write a sentence if you want to get above and beyond the Call of Duty add two sentences. Okay, Yes, so Elliot is asking 1% of the module or 1% of our course grade And you need a is saying both. If the modules are worth 10%, that's true. But this module Actually, you're right, it is 1% of the course. This module is only worth 6% because I removed the 4% individual activity. So it's 1% of the course and we're going to have like a bunch of these So I don't know about you. But if I were stood in this class, that would be like scorer, like I can get 10% just pretty easily. And if you're cynical you're like, I don't have to do much to get that those marks. But if you're an engaged learner, you're going to be like, actually I'm being rewarded for um time spent on an activity that actually helps my learning. So I hope you're not cynical and that you're engaged. So that's the reflection activity. It's an experiment. I hope it doesn't backfire. I hope to include it. Uh for all the modules, I don't think I can, you know, uh weight them very heavily. I might have to d weight them depending on like what's happening and how useful they're going to be. But I'm going to try this reflection piece because the less on education innovation Studio is encouraging us to incorporate reflection into our courses. So that's reflection. Now the quiz. So the quiz is going to open tomorrow at 9:45. It will be open for 24 hours When you start the quiz, it's going to take you about 10 minutes to complete the quiz. Maybe 15. I don't know. There's eight questions, depends how fast you read, eat multiple choice questions or short answer. And once you start the quiz, you have to finish it. So I'm expecting it to take, let's say 10-15 minutes uh per student. And using the principles of universal design, it's like to take the amount of time you expect and quadruple it. So that's like an hour allocation. But then I like tripled it again. So I'm giving you three hours to finish that and, and that's what you need to do for the quiz. There's going to be a bank of questions and you're going to get eight of them randomly drawn. So you're not going to get the same questions necessarily as your classmates. You may consult the resource packs and your notes on the course website. That's fine. Um, I am asking each of you to do the quiz on your own and to not consult one another. This is the honor system. I don't have a way to enforce that. You don't collaborate. Um, the prospect of using any of the surveillance, um, techniques like Procter track et cetera I think is deeply problematic and I'm not using them. So I'm going to resort to the honor system and just, you know you want to learn, you're taking this course. So learn if you need to like cheat by talking with another person for like 2% of the grade. I can't do anything about that. That's tragic. But I'm going to focus my energies on the students who want to learn. The quiz is going to, the jury is saying what is the quiz supposed to cover basically. So if you're wondering about that, here's the quiz specification. The specified topics for the quiz will be these three resource packs. So any time there's a quiz I'll always give a specification and the specification will always say what the cruise is covering. So the only thing that's potentially going to trip you up is if you start the quiz and your network connection drops everything you've completed up to that moment will be submitted and then that's your chance. So I really encourage you to take the quiz under optimal conditions don't start doing the quiz. Like when you're out and about on your mobile device, like on the subway or something, chances are you're gonna lose your connection and you know you're gonna uh not submit. The thing that you want to submit. The other thing I want to say is that sometimes instructors design quizzes so you like you complete a page and then you have to move on and you can't go backwards and all of this kind of stuff. I think these are sometimes are just hoops designed to make it harder for students to try and prevent everyone from getting 100% my quiz all the questions are on one page, you can answer them in whatever order you want. There's none of this like things get hidden and you can't go back so you get all eight questions all at once, do them in whatever order you want any questions about the quiz the There's going to be a mixture of multiple choice or short answers. I'm not 100% sure because I have not finalized because 100% yet. So some mixture of things plus there's a bank so you're going to get random selection, you might you know end up only getting the multiple choice questions in your um random sample. Uh You can't continue the question is can we continue the quiz after the loss of the internet connection? Unfortunately. No because when you start the quiz like whatever you get at the end of the session, that's your submission. So if you lose your internet connection, whatever you have completed up to that point counts as your submission. Now I don't want to be like totally technology things do happen. So I'm probably not going to in the end like force you to get zero on a quiz if your internet drops but I'm very suspicious about people using this as like some excuse for redoing it. So just like let's just avoid it. Just do the do the quiz and not have your make it so your internet doesn't drop out in the middle. Please try and try and make that happen. Uh, so yeah, it's just, you know, I try to be really open and flexible. I give you a lot of time. You can do the quiz anywhere in the 24 hours. I don't want to get into all the exceptions and everything. So I'm just hoping that it's not an issue, but like I said, I'm generally sympathetic that, you know, if it's out of your control, it really sucks if you're penalized for that. So I try to be flexible. Uh wanna saying your internet, your connection dropped already three times during lectures. All right, okay. Trying to figure something out if you're, when you're coming from Colombia and maybe, you know, the infrastructure doesn't let you have like an uninterrupted thing. So I have a way to manually override, you know, if in the rare occasion a student has a very unusual thing happening, but there's like so many students in the class. I can't handle too many of those. Yeah, Yeah, Okay. Try to do it. It's just like a quiz that's going to be 10, 15 minutes. So maybe mobile data is going to work. Oh, you are on mobile data. All right. All right. So that's okay. I think I've explained about the quiz now. I want to just go through recap. Yeah, I hear you. It's, it's challenging. Right? Trying to go to university remotely. Okay, so let's go through the recap of the pod based activities. I'm trying to instill good behaviors, good team practices, building on the um project management best practices. So this obviously applies to the dark pattern analysis activity we're doing right now, but more generally These skills should be transferable. So what I want to do is just spend 10 minutes kind of walking through like the checklist. How do I know if I'm on track in my pod? So we know from the best practices that well managed projects have clearly defined phases and I'm just going to tell you straight up the phases for this course are always going to be planning, doing and submitting maybe the doing, you're gonna break into sub phases, but in general you're going to have a planning phase, you should finish and say, okay, we've got our plan, then you start doing the work, you complete it and then you have some kind of like cut off, like we're finished at this time and here's our submission window and you know, the submission is not like one minute allocation, but like a good window of time to, you know, get the thing done Well, so I'm going to go through a checklist with you and I just want to point out that a lot of you are using google suite like google sheets and google dogs, but every student has access to office 3 65 not 3 60 which I have the type of here um you all have access so you can also use that if you prefer. Okay so this checklist is also on the E class under the name checklist for phases and I'm going to go through them. So planning this is just like ask yourself this question, does everyone know one another in the pod and there's new people coming into the course, So maybe you get the chance to meet a new person today um are all proud members connected with one another. Like you can talk to one another and discord or group message or you have your private discord server or you're doing emails or you have set up what's up or whatever, like you just need a way to connect If there is missing pod members. So if you go under what is my learning pot? And you see we should have like 13 members and only like 10 people are here, you're missing someone. So each pod should make a good faith effort to reach out to their missing pod members. And good faith means like to send one message, maybe a second one, you're not responsible for other pod members, but it's one of the competencies of being a good team member is to have like good and open communication. So take a stab at it. Has the strategy been selected for dividing up the work. So divide and conquer one and two. There were in one of the documents or kind of this interview approach where everyone does like a first pass and then you um refined from there, just the group needs an overall strategy. Our rules establishing mutually understood. So roles are social rules like, and you can have multiple roles, but you know, workers, like people who are doing work, there's people who are checking, there's a coordinator, like the leader, someone who is just like taking charge of making sure the schedule gets followed and the submit er like a person needs to actually get the deliverables submitted on a class. Is there a timeline established? Is there clearly understood wrap up time for each of the three phases? So the doing phase should wrap up before the submission deadline, you should choose a cut off point, for instance, by noon on Tuesday, all the work should be done and we have a very generous 12 hour window to get it submitted. You know, ideally that way, if something goes wrong with the submit er there's like time to make up for it. Now, I know that you're often working down to the wire and your submission phase might be shorter, like three hours or one hour, but it shouldn't be like one minute, shouldn't be five minutes, you shouldn't do work all the way up to the submission deadline, you have to choose a cut off point. So ask yourself has Arpad, like established that how will the pod communicate? So this under the connection piece. But more important is the expectations. So the issue here is that people misunderstand. So you send a message and then you think oh this person's like ditching the pod because they haven't answered. But meanwhile the person's like working there on a shift or they're like you know offline or they can't right? So you have to establish some mutually understood expectations. Like I'm going to answer within an hour Or I'm gonna answer within 12 hours or in general I'm going to answer in 24 hours. But if I can't answer sooner I will. So just like be clear about your responsibility to avoid misunderstanding last. How is the plot going to manage the content? Are you going to set up shared documents? If so how where you know how does everyone have access? Okay now we're onto the doing what's happening here. So you have a data set of 200 199 records. I have learned that some of the data sets have bad data and the scraper produced duplicate records. But even then you still need to code, every record has to be coded. So you need a way to make sure every record gets coated and You need to comment where necessary. So if there's an ambiguity or if something can't be coded. You have to say why have all the codes and comments been checked by another person. Your parts are like 13 people large. So you've got lots of like human power to, you know, do the work and then have another person check it. So double check everything. Uh For the gallery. The gallery requires seven sections. Each section contains a list of all the dark pattern examples from the data set. So you need to build those lists and then you need to choose from the list what's the most illustrative example of reach? Dark pattern type and then last but not least. There's the team notes. So the teamwork planning has to get captured in a document. These are all like core tests. I need to be done then to get the thing done like over the finish line, you have to assemble everything together. So the data workbook has to be made ready for submission. Someone needs to double check the document is conforming to specification. So that's just like we're gonna be anal about this. Don't add any columns. Don't delete any columns. Don't add Rose. Don't delete rows only. Put X's in the specified columns only. Put text in the comments. That's it. Like don't add or muck about with the worksheet in any other shape or form. So that's like really key. So it should be checked because if it's not checked, if it's not meeting specification, you're not going to meet expectations. And it's going to be very sad for the whole pod that, you know, to not get full marks. Even though like, let's say a lot of work got done, but you know, it's a shame that the file is not meeting specification. The gallery, is it ready for submission? Does that include the required elements namely the list and the best choice from the list? Has the document been checked for conformance? You know, even though I said specifically do not include the names of all the pod members in the document. Experience tells me that some pot is actually gonna still include all that information, even though we said no. And you might say what's the big deal and okay, maybe in one way it's not a big deal, but on the other way, like being able to read specifications and follow them is like a really big deal. So yeah, it needs to be checked and then the teamwork planning documents. So the team notes that has to be made ready for submission. So someone should check it. Cimini, so you get to the end of the doing face, you've identified the cut off, it's like two p.m. on Tuesday for instance or whatever the time is. Now the submit er is like going to say I need access to all the polish documents and I've got to get them submitted. So, you know, that has to happen if you need to make sure that you have a way for that at this point when it's time to submit, it's clear who's worked on this deliverable in any shape or form and who has been completely able. So those pod members, like not that you're telling on them, but I just need to know if there's people in the class who are not connected with your pod, so you have to be clear who those people are, and then you need to um like let me know so that I can troubleshoot and intervene if there's people in the course who are not contributing. Also, that's an issue of academic honesty, so that person is going to potentially receive marks for work that they did not contribute to it all. So that's like technically plagiarism, so we have to unfortunately take a moment to sort out that part of the assignment number three. Um so the senator like actually hit submit, pulls the trigger and they get submitted. Like that is really important and that has to get done and last the submit er in the spirit of like that team competency should like communicate back with the team and say okay, like pod made, it's all done. It submitted, good job, you know, like some kind of wrap up message and you can include a screenshot to show that it's been done okay, so um now we're gonna go back, let me I'll answer your question preaching or just one second, we're going to move into this part here of going into the breakout rooms so that the pods can continue working on the dark pattern analysis And there's still questions about this. So I'm going to answer a few questions. So swinging is asking so we must use data set examples to use in the gallery part. Yes, 100%. That is absolutely clear. Um and just this is a late breaking thing. Let's see here. Uh there is some new things that came up. So hang on, let me just do it right now. You can see what it looks like my workflow alone. So two new things came up. Let me go through them. More reflection. Hang on, hang on, hang on here. Okay, two new things I want to point out. So number one did it not refresh? Oh it's still going okay. New. The data set may contain duplicate roles. Unfortunately this is bad data. The scraper returned it. It wasn't my fault. The scraper returned it. I didn't notice it but spying. So what you should do is code the duplicate rows according to the categories above. Flagged the duplicate in the coding comments column, ensure the duplicates are coded consistently. So data set 1, 3 and six for sure. Have duplicates. Uh Now the next thing I want to say, hold on in the chat I'm gonna get to it knew if the data said okay so what you do is you have here, your data set. Each row has got like a number of attributes and one of them is the identifier of the role. So in each section of the gallery you include the list of all the examples of that dark pattern type. So you need to include a list and then from that list from the data set you choose the most illustrative example. So your example should only come from your data set. So some people are using examples from outside that is a misunderstanding of the specification. That's what we did last term. But we're using a different assignment this term. Your examples need to come from your data set. Now if your data set does not contain any examples of a dark pattern type, then your list is empty. Say my list is empty and I don't have any examples for that type. That's the decision I've made about this situation. For instance, some people are saying I have no examples of a certain type. So just own it. You know, I went through all these records. There's not a single example of this type. Fine. It might be the case. Just leave note that in that section of the gallery, so to be clear, all your examples have to be from the data set. Do not use examples from outside the data set. Uh Elliot is saying do we need to give a reasoning as to why we chose a particular example or is it simply listing it as enough? I think you can just list it. It's not in the specification to say provide a rationale, you can trust the specification when it comes to grading. I will always uh make it relative to the specification. Okay, Alexis is asking so it is only one example per category. Yes. So it's a two step process composed the list of things that fit that category and choose the most illustrative example from that. But only one. And if you think oh it's a tie, choose one. Don't say oh we chose it's a tie and we're gonna put two. Because that's not the specification choose one and only one. Great. Sorry Alexis. I don't need to like harp on you. I just I'm at this point where I'm just like being like uh salty about it. one. Only one follow the specification. Good to be clear. Okay. And you are you are you is this a joke or you're dead serious? Okay. So you choose the most illustrative example. The specification does not ask to provide a rationale. So you don't need to provide a rationale. Christian is saying for example, let's say I found a duplicate. Should I rate a comment on both examples as duplicate? Yes. And if you want to be really helpful because you're doing data analysis, you can say duplicate with or like duplicate X. And Y. X. And Y Are duplicates and X. And the Y are the unique identifiers for the record. Because what we're doing in this example is getting used to the idea of dealing with qualitative data because user interface design is based on empirical evidence and the empirical evidence often is qualitative data. So good practices when handling data is to leave notes. Two other people who are going to be handling your data set. So christian. Yes I would say add a comment and um maybe just a little bit more elaborated than just duplicate and like actually identified the name of the duplicate. What you can do is the coding as the team is. You can take your data set and you consort it temporarily by posting your L. And all the duplicates will be adjacent to each other and you can actually identify them. Or you can temporarily add in like a formula. To flag duplicates as long as you remove it afterwards. Don't hand it in with the formula. So flag the duplicates. You have different techniques for doing it. You don't have to do it manually. Uh Jamon is saying what if the data is deleted by the moderator but you can still see that post. So I have uh something here on that topic. So I'm just going to take this chance to point it out. So here I put questions clarifications for the dark pattern analysis activity and I have exactly that. Uh So I have another question. What do I do about post that? Say sorry. This post has been removed by the moderators of blah blah blah. So this was posted by demo student. What a helpful student this person is. That person is me. I'm pretending to be a student and here the professor is answered. If the content of the post is still viewable, you can still attempt to code it. Many posts fall under the common topics rule the rule is to keep the sub Reddit's contents fresh. We remove certain topics and designs that are very often posted here and here's a link to the common topics. Many of the common topics are indeed dark patterns and should be coded as such. So thank you for the question and thank you to demo student for asking it and thank you to me for answering it and putting it here in the forum so that you can read it. There's another posting also about posts that have been deleted. Let me read it just to be clear. So what do I do about posts that were deleted and then you can say it falls under the category not able to determine so you can code it. Is that my pleasure to give a clarification. Okay, so are we all clear on questions James is saying I think it would have been much better data if you only crawled pages with a minimum number above votes Yes you're right Hindsight is 2020. I'm using a scraper that is like cloud based and I just picked 200 posts from the middle of the month starting at two PM that cover a roughly 24 hour period. So this was like my sampling strategy but now in retrospect I see that I should have um included that threshold. So like you I'm learning to and it's the first time I've done this particular activity. So next time it would be it will be better. But I still think despite the slightly crappy data that the learning objectives can still be achieved, which is like for you to see examples of dark patterns in the wild and to be able to apply um coding criteria for doing quality of analysis. Macedo is saying, I know this is getting nit picky but should we try to classify it even if the reddit post becomes incomplete lost picture but caption explains the situation. Yes. So this came up last class too and I think the nature of your data is this is crowd sourced like observations. So human beings are saying, I have noticed this thing, so that's the source of your data. So if someone describes a pattern but doesn't illustrate it with an image or doesn't provide a link, you still have data that potentially points to a dark pattern. So just as morally is saying if if it's possible based on the quality of the description, you can still code it. But if they describe it in in vague terms and you have no way to like adjudicate what category it is, then it's an a T D correctly. Now when you compose your list of all the matching examples. If some of the examples are just like written descriptions and others have images. I mean I give you like one guess which is most illustrative obviously the one with the image than just the verbal description. Now if all of your examples are verbal description, written descriptions then you have like a problem. Like none of the examples are particularly illustrated in the sense that none of them have images but still meet the specification, choose the example. That's the most illustrative of all the like mostly on illustrative examples. So I hope that's clear. Good. So thank you for the feedback Diego. I'm gonna let you read the specification or your classmates can help you with those categories. Now what we're gonna do is move into breakout rooms because well actually before we do that can I just get a rough feel from the chat? Just put in your assessment of how complete you are on the productivity. Like 100% means it's submitted, 90% is like it's ready but not yet submitted and something up to their 80. Just the gallery. Okay. Yeah. Sorry I'll come back to your question in the second. Let me just get more data, 80%. Maybe I acknowledge that if your pot is way behind you might be reluctant to advertise it, 75%. Yes so you have time still it's midnight tomorrow. Okay let me answer jaris question. Last question for the reflection. I'm not sure about one are some of the five questions. I mean if I don't have a definite answer for the question, can I answer B? I don't have a particular answer or I must have a substantial answer for all five questions. So I don't see why a person couldn't come up with substantial answers. All right. Excuse me have a frog in my throat because you're here, right, you have an experience. So come up with something. I mean, I don't see why you wouldn't be able to come up with at least like one example for each of those things. The only possible exception is a student who just joined the course and hasn't been to any class meetings. But even then there are like the course website is there? You have some touch point, You have some experience with the course. So use that as your basis to draw upon. So like I said, meets expectations is one substantive sentence per question, but it's not like obligatory if you really have nothing. Just say I don't have anything but just be prepared not to meet expectations on that. Okay, good you? Sorry, sorry, I don't mean to make you like to me about example of a good question. It's a good question and it's, I'm sure other people are asking it to, I just like to be really clear. Okay, so let's go into breakout rooms. It's possible that there's new students in Section B who are not yet in a pod. So I'm going to identify who they are in like one moment, so I will assign newcomers to the class to applaud and I'd ask that if you're in a pot and a newcomer comes in, you do your best to welcome the person and to find a job for them to do checking, verifying formatting something. There's lots of little things and you know, you can find a way to spread the work out, try to find a way to involve each person in your pot. Okay, So any questions before we go into the breakout rooms? All right, let me just do a little survey here. Uh so there's one person here who is registered in Section A. But is here in the Section B meeting. So that's something I'm going to have to work out with that person privately Because there's an issue. Now, this uh section has six learning pods And pod a. has 12 people here. You win the attendance award And Pod B&C. Each have 11 members. So you have one or two people absent pod d. I don't know what's going on. You have only seven people from your pod here in class today. Um, let me know if there's an issue in your pod Party. You are 10 people. Oh, you keep losing people um early because they're dropping the course or they're just not coming? Perhaps both. Okay. Okay, well I have a mechanism for each of those cases. Um, part f you have nine people here today. Okay so I'm going to open the rooms. You're gonna move there automatically. If you don't move automatically I'm gonna handle you one by one in the main room and you can go and you have I guess 25 minutes, half an hour ish to work in your pods. Okay? And if you have any questions is uh activate the ask for help button and I can come into your pod. But for the first five minutes or so I might be here in the main room busy with getting people into their spots, Joshua saying depends per person, I work often. So it's hard for me to attend every lecture. Like look I'm not gonna lie, I know that you're all um have like this course is not the only thing in your lives but the courses um designed as a synchronous course. So it's been designed to expect you to be in class. So um yeah that's just the reality of it. So josh Joshua saying you it's hard for you to attend every lecture but they're not actually lectures their class meetings like active learning. So I mean it's unfortunate I think you should try to find a way to come but it's like not a police state, I can't force people to come. So anyway thanks for being open about it and it gives me a chance to just highlight that the courses synchronous. Okay so I'm opening the rooms so give me um raise your hand if you need something and um otherwise I will see you at the end of class. Okay? So.
