What should be the focus of designing for humans?
A) Design should focus solely on user tasks. After all, tasks consist of operations and help users perform activities.
B) Design should focus solely on user activities. After all, actvities are the intermediate steps that help someone to reach a goal or set of goals
C) Design should focus solely on user operations. Operations are the smallest unit of action and thus most important to interface design.
D) Design should consider operations, activities, tasks, but most importantly goals, since goals pertain to the 'why' of the activities and the meaning of the tasks
ANSWER: D
Which are connected to the the 'what' and the 'why' of human behaviours?
A) Goals and motivation are connected to the 'why' of human behaviours, whereas tasks, activities and operations are connected to the 'what' of human behaviour
B) Tasks and activities are connected to the 'why' of human behaviours, whereas goals are connected to the 'what' of human behaviour
C) Operations are connected to the 'why' of human behaviours, whereas motivations are connected to the 'what' of human behaviour
D) We can't ever really know the 'why' of human behaviours, we can only investigate the 'what' of human behaviour
ANSWER: A
Which best describes Rational Choice Theory?
A) Humans operate as individual actors who optimize their actions and interaction, given their available resources.
B) Humans operate as social aggregates, the sum of individual decisions.
C) Humans operate by determining when to continuously calculating according to explicit rational and economic criteria
D) Humans operate as social creatures, choosing social connection because that is the rational course of action.
ANSWER: A
What is a cognitive heuristic?
A) a mental strategy to tackle problem solving and decision-making that makes use of a shortcut "rule of thumb"
B) a mental strategy to tackle problem solving and decision-making that makes use of a weighing the pros and cons of each option
C) a mental strategy to tackle problem solving and decision-making that makes use of a weighing the pros and cons of each option, albeit in a very quick way
D) a mental strategy to tackle problem solving and decision-making that has systematic mistakes
ANSWER: A
Which one of these statements is true?
A) Errors from cognitive bias, even though systematic, are not the same thing as as a logical fallacy.
B) Since a cognitive bias can leads to sub-optimal outcome, a cognitive bias is a type of logical fallacy.
C) Errors from cognitive bias are logical fallacies when the errors are systematic.
D) Not all cognitive heuristics lead to cognitive biases.
ANSWER: A
Does cognition reside solely in the brain? (Probe question; not in the resource pack)
A) Perhaps, depending on how cognition is characterized (internal vs external cognition)
B) Yes
C) No
D) Perhaps, depending on the person
ANSWER: A
Is emotion considered a cognitive process? (Probe question; not in the resource pack)
A) affective processes are typically considered to be different than cognitive processes, but there are connections between them
B) affective processes are considered to be different than cognitive processes and they are completely separate and disjoint
C) affective processes are considered to be a type a cognitive process
D) cognitive processes are considered to be a type of affective process
ANSWER: A
Is emotion considered a cognitive process? (Probe question; not in the resource pack)
A) traditionally no, but there is some debate about whether this is correct
B) traditionally yes, but there is some debate about whether this is correct
C) no, emotion is separate from cognition
D) yes, emotion a cognitive process
ANSWER: A
Which of these is not a category of cognitive heuristic? 
A) needing to be rational
B) needing to act with not enough meaning
C) needing to act fast
D) needing to be selective about remembering
ANSWER: A
Is conformity a type of cognitive heuristic? Choose the best answer
A) no, conformity refers to broader sociological phenomena
B) no, conformity only affects some people and thus can't be a heuristic
C) yes, conformity is equivalent to bias
D) yes, conformity leads to conformity bias, and conformity bias leads to cognitive bias
ANSWER: A
What is the bandwagon effect?
A) The bandwagon effect is the tendency of people who will do or believe things because many other people do or believe that thing.
B) The bandwagon effect is the tendency of people who wait to see whether something is popular before joining in.
C) The bandwagon effect is the tendency of large groups of people to travel together.
D) The bandwagon effect is the tendency of people to place higher value on things that are perceived to be more scarce.
ANSWER: A
