To what extent is interdisciplinary teamwork important? Choose the best answer
A) It is becoming more important, as industry moves towards Agile approaches.
B) It is becoming less important, as industry moves away from Agile approaches.
C) It is important, but not as important as disciplinary teamwork.
D) It is less important than individual skill.
ANSWER: A
To employ project management practices in your own project work, you must... Choose the best answer
A) start to build knowledge and skills through learning and experience
B) become a professional practitioner, with an internationally recognized professional designation such as PMP or PRINCE2
C) hire a professional to work with you
D) wing it, after all, how hard can it be?
ANSWER: A
One of the best practices in project management is to ensure that team members have an agreed-upon set of quality standards.  Why is this important?  Choose the best answer
A) because even well-meaning team members can have different ideas about what counts as 'done'
B) because it is a way for the team to build rapport and connection
C) because it is a way for the team to practice communication
D) because all team members will intrinsically have the same quality standards, so making this clear will make the team members feel good about themselves
ANSWER: A
One of the best practices in project management is to ensure that the work to be done is clearly established and stable. Why is this important?  Choose the best answer
A) because this practice is one way to protect against scope creep
B) because this practice is one way to protect against schedule slippage
C) because this practice is one way to protect against frequent defects
D) because this practice is one way to protect against unrealistic planning
ANSWER: A
How should you, as a team member, make use of the 15-minute rule?
A) When you run into an obstacle while doing a task and can't solve it within 15 minutes of your best effort, ask a teammate for help.
B) Work on a task in parallel with several other tasks and, after 15 minutes, ask your team members for help.
C) When you run into an obstacle while doing a task and can't solve it within 15 minutes of your best effort, keep working on it until you solve the problem so your teammates don't think you are a slacker.
D) When you are working on a task, make sure you take a break every 15 minutes.
ANSWER: A
When it comes to the competence of "capability", which of these is most important when being a good team member?
A) That you are a willing learner, so that you can gain the knowledge, skills, and abilities needed by the team
B) That you are supremely capable and already know how to do everything
C) That you keep your head down and mind your own business; it is not your business to learn about your teammates' tasks and roles
D) That you be ready with good jokes; humour is more important than capability 
ANSWER: A
When it comes to the competence of "communication", which of these is most important when being a good team member?
A) That you are willing to be open and your communication is effective
B) That you don't bother your teammates with consultation; you act decisively and don't ever want or need input
C) That you exchange information when you can, and better late than never!
D) That you are willing to receive feedback, but it less important to actually incorporate the feedback into your work
ANSWER: A
When it comes to team dynamics, which of these are the 4 key areas?
A) Communication, Adaptability, Relationships, and Education
B) Capability, Answerability, Relationships, and Education
C) Communication, Adaptability, Relevance of Capabilities, and Effectiveness
D) Communication, Agility, Reliability, and Education
ANSWER: A

