What is a dark pattern?
A) A design approach taken in an interactive system that is intended to influence user behaviour through deceptive or misleading means.
B) A design feature of an interactive system that is not detectable by users (i.e., users are "left in the dark").
C) A situation that arises when some design feature of an user interface interacts with some characteristics of certain users to produce a negative or dark experience.
D) A situation in which a user takes advantage of a feature of an interactive system in order to create harmful behaviours.
ANSWER: A
What is a key difference between the 'Social Proof' dark pattern and the 'Scarcity' dark pattern?  (choose the best answer)
A) one exploits the bandwagon effect, whereas the other exploits the scarcity bias
B) one is the precursor to the other, because social desirability drives demand, which genuinely reduces availability
C) one exploits the framing effect, whereas the other exploits the scarcity bias
D) one is the consequence of the other, because genuine low availability creates social desirability due to the framing effect
ANSWER: A
Are all interaction design patterns considered to be 'good'? (choose the best answer)
A) yes, the term 'interaction design patterns' tends to have a connotation of a 'good' design pattern
B) yes, the concept of a design pattern is good by definition
C) no, interaction design patterns are those approaches intended to influence user behaviour through deceptive or misleading means
D) no, interaction design patterns are neither good nor bad, they are neutral to users and have no effect on them
ANSWER: A
What is an interaction design pattern? (choose the best answer)
A) An abstracted design approach that has merit in a design situation that is common across interactive systems
B) A recipe for solving a design dilemma.
C) A plug-and-play solution that can be used across different platforms.
D) A design approach taken in an interactive system that is particular to that specific context
ANSWER: A
The 'double drawer' is an example of...  (choose the best answer)
A) An interaction design pattern
B) A dark pattern
C) An interaction type
D) An interaction mode
ANSWER: A
Is a "4 drawer" design pattern technically feasible?
A) yes
B) no, this is technically impossible
ANSWER: A
Is an "8 drawer" design pattern technically feasible?
A) yes, provided the user has a way to swipe in 8 different directions
B) no, this is technically impossible
ANSWER: A
To what extent are dark patterns a problem?
A) the extent varies, from mild to severe
B) to a mild extent, a mild annoyance or frustration
C) a severe extent, causing major financial loss and detrimental effects on mental well-being
D) dark patters are neither a problem or a benefit; they are neutral and it is the users who are the problem
ANSWER: A
Are dark patterns uniformly detrimental?
A) no, only to some stakeholders; other stakeholders actually benefit from dark patterns
B) yes, dark patterns are detrimental to all stakeholders, irrespective of their type
C) no, dark patterns are detrimental to the government, which are unable to enforce consumer standards
D) yes, dark patterns are detrimental to all stakeholders by definition
ANSWER: A
Is the dark pattern categorization scheme proposed by Mathur et al (2019) the definitive scheme? (choose the best answer)
A) no, it is not proven definitive, but among all of the various schemes, this one is a useful and effective
B) no, it has been proven to be inadequate
C) yes, it is the only categorization scheme that has been proposed
D) yes, Mathur et al (2019) have patented the scheme and York University bought a license for the scheme
ANSWER: A
What is confirmshaming?
A) confirmshaming is a dark pattern in which the user is presented with a choice, and the option that is dispreferred (by the website's proponents) is connected with stigmatizing language in order to deter its selection
B) confirmshaming is a dark pattern in which the user is presented with a choice, and the option that is dispreferred is subject to visual interference
C) confirmshaming is a dark pattern in which the user is presented with a choice, and the option that is dispreferred is shown with a countdown timer
D) confirmshaming is a dark pattern in which the user is presented with a choice, and the option that is dispreferred is accompanied by a testimonial that emphasizes shameful behaviour
ANSWER: A

