Error:
Okay so let's take a look at the starter code for a swimming suit. 
Starting with the gooey part of it exactly the same as an assemblyman so there's nothing. 
Really new here is example of. 
Just a slider. 
Like before. 
Error:
This time we just affects the volume of the audio coming in. 
So. 
In plug-in adulterates i declare the slider. 
In the sippy file. 
The slider value. 
As you can see that here. 
It's assigned to. 
If anybody has my processor called volume boost. 
Other than that just lie to get centralized at the same as before. 
Error:
Maybe examples tocino ready. 
So the glee for your assignment also would be very similar the same way you ubuildit 571. 
You can create the components for a 72 and. 
How's the weather. 
Valley cycle slider volume affect some of the parameters in your processor. 
Now the brother side. 
Error:
You'll see that's a declaring a couple of variables here. 
Error:
I'll talk about his whereabouts. 
When we get to the code. 
But the delay buffer is available.. 
Will be very important to us. 
Also at the pr still have my volume boost. 
Perimeter which is public so that mcguigan. 
Change it. 
So really most of the work as eucerin assemblyman is done in the processor. 
Unless i was prepared to play. 
So as you remember this method. 
Initialize things so it runs before we actually process any audio. 
Error:
I'm getting the sample rate. 
I know this very well here. 
But you guys will use it i haven't used them in my example. 
Error:
I'm setting my volume boost to want begin with so no change. 
Abcya i deal with my delay buffer so. 
If you look at the cemetery you'll see that you have to do. 
Create a digital delay. 
And that means that you'll need to. 
Reading some audio. 
Do it somewhere so that you can put you back into the outpost later. 
Right now iso. 
Doing some other. 
If you want to know. 
Invocation of process blog. 
So the labour is basically a big long. 
Buffalo 40 samples that will store what's coming in so that whenever we need it. 
Will it really back and put it back into the. 
I saw this example kiara i'm setting the size of a 2-1 which is of course very small that's what you want sample that's not going to be enough. 
Error:
But i just decided to set things up. 
Your job is to figure out what value you need to have here so that. 
The labour fraternal cold enough. 
What is data. 
43 seconds of audio as required by the sm. 
Assuming you said this variable correct length. 
Error:
Beacon set the size of your buffer this way you have two channels. 
And i've. 
Error:
Thanks. 
Error:
You play with to make sure he has. 
No random data ain't it maybe it will go back and start the proxy to your outfit. 
Iso addendum process play you should have. 
Error:
About fur clear about for long enough to hold all day that you might need. 
2. 
Start. 
Now you not process block with you of course. 
Other job here. 
They sound. 
Go to the beginning. so you can you don't have to do anything about. 
About if you can just leave it there. 
Error:
Mostly deals with if you have situations where. 
You're plugging takes more than two inputs. 
Produces more than 2 outputs. 
Then you may have to deal with some of those situations. 
You know case we'll we'll stick with stereo input and output so. 
We don't really have to worry too much about that. 
I apologize the code. 
So which all the sudden. 
What's happening down here. 
And. 
You notice that for now. 
The code. 
Error:
Deals with. 
It's channel all the time. 
Nice way to fold up for china 02. 
Telephone number of people channels. 
Right so and says we have a. 
Stephen puth. 
It means we have a channel zero and son at 1. 
Error:
For left and right. 
Speakers. 
Okay. 
So most of the assignment 2. 
We work the same voice channel. 
Right now will take. 
Whatever is coming in this house. waiting the buffer. 
Another video by khalid. 
The last little bit about the ping-pong delay. 
We'll have to settle make sure we put things in the right channel. 
About time. 
Most of the time we're just. 
Dealing with one channel. 
What's your data. 
Out of time. 
Isola's focussing on the first channel. 
And see what it will happen. 
So. 
This is the way we get a right pointer. 
Into the input buffer right so buffer is the input buffer to audioblocks so that that is a buffer of audio samples. 
Bright dust. 
But this is a series of real numbers. 
Representing a rodeo. 
If my baby wants to make you look at all the material for digitizing audio. 
Error:
You so that we'd. 
Store the data. 
Regency 16 beso 24-bit integers. 
But. 
Error:
Any. 
Jw digital audio workstation. 
Error:
Oou framework that juice will actually deal with these numbers real numbers from -1 to 1. 
So and that's how just oceanworks rachel. 
We'll see in a second when you print out some of those values that they're always between -1 and 1. 
All right so this is a buffer we get a ride find it right turn before it right. 
Set up a provisional with start a position zero in the buffer. 
Error:
If you later on me to write someone in the middle of some buffer you can. 
Change the second part m to. 
Do whatever you want. 
I so we'll start easy for us to start reading and writing. 
Paintoo. 
Ar upper. 
No. 
Will send it before we getting the number of samples of officer this is basically. 
The size of the buffer. 
And that's because we need to mentally go through each sampling about 4 in the follow-up coming up. 
Error:
Iso. 
Basically we do we go through the samples and decide what to do with him. 
It is example of what i'm selling uae's basically multiplying it's sampled by some value. 
To make the overdose sound louder or quieter. 
So this goes here right i says sample. 
Audio processing code delete for am is not really part of the delay. 
You're not supposed to change the volume of things. 
I just give you an example of how do you deal. 
Paying for data. 
Icreate out today. 
Iso data. 
Is a pointer. 
Then we have to. 
Lin's buffet which is also the apple golfer night this is what we deal with. 
What is the input to the process bell gossip is the alpha twins process drug is finished. 
And we can use basically point arrangement take remember for. 
20:31. 
This is a way we can actually access data later on in the buffer and we can go. 
1 items about 4 at the time. 
So they do vice versa vif element. 
Error:
Sowell. 
That's what we do so here we read. 
Ensemble. 
I say we get the volume. 
X the volume volume boost original h1 volume. 
I then started again into the buffer in the same place. 
I so we just changing. 
That i can so far everything in the buffer. 
And i said. 
That's all this code does. 
And what is a jumbo with no twins doing it delayed yet so. 
I will demonstrate it. 
Error:
Just a boy. vista record. 
Also provides. 
Error:
Elevator first article about the delay. 
I'm saying all right we have this big delay buffalo we created for ourselves. 
