Error:
Okay so before we look at the starter code for a cemetery. 
Let's see what time the plugin actually does. 
So already the vcr player that i saw you before and 73. 
Kia connected them. 
Error:
Open up the vcr player then i can put them. 
Only following there. 
For us to use. 
Error:
And before i can have my. 
Ctrl-c are 401 enough which is actually. 
Reverse this is about whether the bypass is on the owner of. 
And. 
Thundercats. 
Goalie for a cemetery as well as you can see. 
G73 code implements filter and a phaser. 
Crazy being a particular fact. 
I will here in a little bit of that just provides an accommodation for as well. 
So. 
The side where the filter. 
As we can see here. 
Both of these effects start to self so. 
If we just stop play some sounds. 
Then. 
Then now. 
We are. 
Psi mean that sounds reasonable. 
I thought define gates the filter have a low pass filter for example. 
Find whitaker are you sounds quite different. 
Dinosaur sounds like it's behind the wall. 
Which actually makes sense because. 
Anguilla somebody that absorbs low frequencies. 
So on the fight when you nibble is playing music very loud you can feel the bass. 
Jordan the wall and coming through to you. 
While the hecticness is he cannot hear them. 
Iso. 
I can play around with avocado. 
Error:
Barometer and let's see how that actually sounds. 
When the caterpillar becomes larger and larger. 
Then mortimore frequencies pass through so it starts sounding like that. 
The actual song. 
Well when i figured out the 23rd it's pretty much nothing goes through. 
What kind of tyranny of those weaknesses. 
Okay. 
Bypass filter. 
I said we'll see that defy have this. 
Pierre was here only the very high frequencies of encino. 
Error:
Error:
So what do you expect from a local lady. 
Sound. 
A production system from a locality stereo system. 
Has no bass friend. 
And again. 
We can play around with south african c. 
Error:
The bumpass. 
Error:
Persian. 
Only lasts a particular certifications go through. 
So we'll see. 
How they affect once we give it to you in a sec. 
So i duford. 
When we are. 
Metallica cds high then we just hear the hypothesis for livewell. 
And so what are they want go-go low that would just give the base. 
Filters that get unemployment. 
Error:
With this. 
And we're going to swing tonight. 
Other effects same time so the phaser is is in effect.. 
Error:
Provide some sort of form. 
Space grimokan affect the musical s8. 
Ibrahimi with it / this year. 
Another alternate on wednesday music playing to see what the difference is. 
Error:
So. 
Let me pick a maybe a better part of the musical so we can chat if i better. 
Error:
So you hear this sort of. 
Spacey counterfeit company. 
I so that's about going to affect our. 
These different populations that we're hearing any sound and also how fast they go so play around us to get an idea of what it sounds like. 
Error:
Okay so. 
He might have heard that 20 months of 80s high then those oscillation shopping alabaster. 
And the death makes them stronger or not. 
Error:
I just wanted is basically if you're looking for a weather-glass talent for your music collection you can play around with his parameters. 
Get different sounds. 
Error:
Is also gained by medicare so. 
Let's play around with this little bit of this. 
Kaiser on. 
Error:
Error:
So you might have noticed opposed.. 
Games about volume so whenever. 
Make it much lower. 
The sound goes away. 
Quite louder was. 
Another great idea. 
Sowell. 
But you notice that is off. 
Error:
Anime. 
The game does nothing and that's because it is practical implementation of the way i've set it up and we'll see that in the code. 
The game is in the process of changes would say with a phaser so fraser gain go together. 
Kaiser first and gain so the gain only applies to the phaser if the phaser is enabled right. 
If the freezer is off then the game doesn't do any. 
So. 
Error:
We'll see different ways to combine. 
Effects of codeine let's hear that the game is combined with a phaser so it's the game of the face are not of the full signal. 
Error:
And i said. 
So you can play around with this that's to see the effect by the important thing is to. 
Understand now following the code we can set off. 
Error:
Set things up so we can combine different effects together and what do you want and so let's go to that text. 
