Error:
Okay so let's take a look at. 
Debugging types for your. 
Plug-in development. 
So wishing already. what kind. 
Aw fast so advanced as soon as we build. 
Plug-in. 
Error:
Buchanan said break bones if you want in your plug-in and. 
Stop and look at the values of different variables and so on. 
So if that works for you. 
Please go ahead and do it. 
I find that it's not as. 
Convenient. 
In the case of plug-ins because. 
The plugin is running the horse the horse is calling a process block. 
How many times a second. 
So i stopping every time and continuing until you get to the point where you want to examine things. 
A little bit tedious. 
So i find that often a few does. 
Output values of some variables. 
Fantastic look at them. 
Changed between different applications of process can help you see what's going on matt's easier. 
In any of the things we'll do for a 71 there isn't going to be dug many variables to work that would be really yeah. 
A very time-consuming task to do. 
Now because your plug-in is running in the house there's no standard output so bring that doesn't work very well at all.. 
So i just want to show you an example of doing that. 
This is a process block. 
Coda of the last article that i gave you. 
I have decided three lines before that if statement that. 
Error:
Creates no dolphin note on events in some cases. 
Iso. 
You can see that the condition for their statement. 
Basically looks at the vale. 
All three different things inside of a time plus them samples to know direction to safeway. 
Stop the car right now to start the next one. 
So. 
Maybe only what exactly is going on here. 
Test. 
Puta. 
This alliance was before so we can output the value of the time variable. 
And i'm samples variable and an alteration variable. 
And see what's happening. 
Right so i also have this little piece of texture the beginning so i know which one is which. 
And he's certified. 
Error:
Operator here is a c+ way of certified. 
Producing ice put into strength. 
But basically this will produce the time eagles and then the value of a time variable or something. 
Okay so. 
When i build up around 8 or just a regular horse. 
I made the connections. 
Determined quotes. 
Right so then. 
Leslie albert. 
I saw. 
And we can see if you think cr. 
For one thing i can say about the value of numb samples and no direction doesn't make it rain. 
Right and that's actually as expected. 
Num samples is the size of a buffer. 
So this system will always give us the same size buffer. 
Alright so. 
We don't really need to read it out so many times but. 
Error:
This goes around every time process block. 
Robinson that you go you say that every time. 
I also know duration isabella got calculated. 
Appear. 
Right so depends on the appreciation speed so if i change that value in my slider than you will see a different value there. 
But for whatever reason at the standard. 
Appreciate appreciation state. 
The calculation says that. 
It's note that i'll hear. 
Error:
We lost four 6616. 
Error:
Samples. 
Time periods. 
That's still less than a second but. 
Display all calculations at this is how long this going to be. 
Oh. 
You can do the math if you want but says its value is not a multiple of five 12 so that means that we're not going to have. 
An exact match in between buffers. 
Error:
And notes. 
But. 
Is what happens time start sub-zero. 
And then this is the first time we are. 
We call prosser blog. 
Nothing happens because. 
Isaiah. 
You can see this expression over here is not going to be through. 
But later on in the cold weird. 
The size of a buffer time right so basically time tells us. 
How many samples have we seen so far so it was that 10 next time we call. 
Process block 12in 1024. 
And so on. 
Cenotes.. 
Error:
Time keeps going up and in fact no events get creative or any of his clothes to post clock. 
Because... 
Condition easter falls. 
Play sigala b further down will see that. 
At some point. 
Time is 6 - 44. 
Error:
And then + 512 this would be 66-56. 
It'll be larger than no direction. 
So that point. 
We go into a statement body and say okay let's stop this note we kind of line and let's start another.. 
Right. 
Error:
That will happen i haven't printed that out so we cannot see it here. 
But you'll see that next time we called time he's down to 40 which is actually. 
1656 - 1616. 
Error:
Solo. 
That means we start again. 
We. 
Used 40. 
All of them. 
Of the samples of the next buffer. 
And then. 
Will continue again if we keep going up so next time we have 2552. 
At 1064 right so you can see that is not an exact match. 
Between buffers and that was with a start at zero again. 
And go up by 5:12. 
Every time there's a bit of an offset to 40. 
Error:
What is fine. 
So so that's the idea. 
By looking at these values i can set up. 
Get an idea what's happening. 
We can see that the time variable. 
Tells us all right, stomp has elapsed and when we get to the point where we know we need to start. 
The next note. 
Language. 
Then we go. 
And i do the body of this if statement here. 
Error:
Create a note of. 
To stop the babies now.. 
And the note on the staff. 
Error:
Play.. 
Start the next note. 
Advanced are the same process again. 
Error:
A job. 
512 to the time but if. 
This is a large dino direction because we have the most operator care would go back down to the remainder of that division. 
And that's right so hopefully if we're not sure what's going on with the code they just looking at how these variables interact with each other. 
Helps us to see. 
Once you have your own variables. 
Something nice nobody clear. 
You can use the same approach to to figure out what's going on your code. 
Okay so hopefully that was helpful. 
Good luck with coding up. 
Error:
Assemblyman. 
I'll see you guys next weekend appointments. 
Error:
