Okay so. 
In his video i'm going to explain what is going on. 
Ginecologo cesar far either in the tutorial with a media volume and also talked about their refrigerator tutorial as well. 
So let's get started with the volume example that we already last week. 
Alright so that my methods were. 
All the process is called process block. 
Right. 
Sopras block. 
Is a method that runs. 
Many times as every few milliseconds it gets executed. 
Is receives an input buffer. 
Any produces an output. 
Buffer very quickly. 
So that happens. 
Hello. that's how you you go home you process the inputs. 
Your brother's outfits. 
Error:
That possibly sounds different than the input. 
No. 
The method x2 barbers in pokemon is in the audio buffer. 
And the other one is a media buffer. 
Will using audible for later when we deal with actual audio. 
Now we have this meat events or will. 
Focussed mostly on the medieval fair. 
Error:
Messages. 
So the main thing that you want to do in process book. 
Basically. 
Error:
Look at all the influences you have. 
And then. 
Produce. 
Error:
Shepherd. 
Set of awkward event. 
So it isn't here in fact what's the code as. 
Is you notice. we actually. 
Declare around medieval figure called processed meat. 
And. 
Are the last line down here. 
We actually swapping. 
New messages are in port with process may be so in a sentence with throwing out all the info events. 
Anna saying okay replaced him with the ones we just created. 
Error:
Error:
So. 
Other than that the president carries this phone up right so this follow president says let's go through this. 
Collection rides a buffer it's a bunch of events. 
I ain't so. 
Detroit threads it's time we have. 
1. 
Meeting message metadata object look at. 
And we first we thought i was meditating. 
I took a bunch of meditate i would go one-by-one to see what's in the input buffer. 
And. 
You'll see that vegetable seneca get the message what kind of media messages. 
I also get the sample position. 
What is really at the time the time stamp for that event right so whenever the buffer basically has. 
A number of time periods. 
So you been to hopping. 
Earlier. 
Later on he might have more events and so on. 
So. 
Summerville just seems a bit of a strange name because. 
It comes from the audio world but a bicycle says okay where are we in the buffer and. 
Okay will say this in an integer variable time. 
Error:
I also what is the message of lucy's with service in m. 
Look at the time as you see what don't do much here with it just the way we produce events. 
Error:
Guido's. 
Put time between so basically events in this case exactly at the same time as before remember this is the example that just. 
Changes the volume of the input events so the timing is still the same so we just put it back. 
Being bestowed with produce. 
All right so far it's a preventable account create. 
Error:
Another event which would put it in this process midi. 
Error:
Okay so the only thing really we need to do is to change the volume. 
Open youtube and right and the fact that you might remember in amity. 
Error:
When we have a note event we have actually note on event. 
And that's what comes with a velocity that is how loud is that not going to be played. 
And later on when i get a note off event and that's how we know that this note is finished sounding. 
Right. 
Set alarm. 
Are you can see the code here will be much ignore any midi. 
Mary vincent alphatype know-it-all for after thatcher pitch wheel or females anything else right this is us. 
We left a little tear we don't necessarily need a lie all these empty brackets. 
Error:
When we get a note on event. 
Then we'll do this two lines of code. 
Iso this for lining. 
Here look at these nuts on valve. 
Variable which is aquafina. 
Velocity from the slider. 
Isotex that value i am basically disgusted into this. 
Eternal just type which is basically an 8-bit. 
Integer. 
Error:
Error:
Because when will create a meeting message. 
Event message. 
That we need to use this particular fight what we do is. 
Will use this static method write a message in g+. 
This is basically creating a note on event. 
Error:
I didn't see we use the same channel. 
And the same nook number azar input event. 
We just change the velocity to the new value that we get from the slider. 
Error:
So. 
Error:
And i will just replace it with water slide slider turtles. 
So. 
This waiting numi tea. 
Event. 
And i know don't care we add it to our processed meat offer. 
-12 voice input event who create a slightly different media and reporting process midi buffer. 
And then in the end we threw out all day events and replace him with his slightly modified after events. 
Error:
And that's basically it. 
It's always a very simple example. 
Bottom. 
I think hopefully illustrates what's going on here. 
Error:
Reading prevents and we produce advance. 
Migos woa we. 
The ottomans have to do something with the implements between theory. 
Please ignore random events metal shelf. 
Play final witness ali a useful. 
Okay. 
So that's what's happening this example which is this. 
Error:
Michigan defenders before continuing with this video cuz i'm going to talk about the refrigerator example next. 
Okay so. 
As you make up saying i'm actually taking the code from the lpga tour tutorial. 
Modified a little bit to hopefully make it. 
Vdj2 understand. 
I would understand about the process block method if i cannot change anything there. 
So the tutorial online. 
Facilities be a good research internship understanding what process block is doing. 
Error:
But i think their whole setup around the process dog. 
So he should be similar to the first media volume example. 
No before discussing the codes let's take a look at it. 
Ojeda's right there that is the same the connections. 
Are the same. 
End up liking horse example. 
Error:
And if i ran out. 
It still sounds like before. 
Except if i actually end up pregnant at the same time as you can see having their notes sound altogether we. 
So that he and another live video that i made. 
Another right so. 
In fact i have only two notes are they more they will go through old for nose. 
Pretty nice. 
Alright son and that's the benefit of having a pga tour. 
Error:
The game is. 
Fill the space with a lot of notes that you don't actually have to play. 
It's a good created for you from the plugin. 
Alright so. 
Let's take a look at how this may be done in cold. 
So if you download my code you'll see that i called you on starter. 
Probably that a just way. 
For you two together to work cuz i know someone you had problems with. 
Results of the i-17 and so on in the example. 
Just start create an empty. 
Error:
Think i'm going to give you into. 
The code haley work fine. 
So let's the processor heather file right ahead of ali's where we. 
Declare of variables in all the functions. 
Alright so you'll see that. 
Compared to the default. 
Call david isabel. 
I discussed as in a bit. 
Closest shortest set of integers called nodes. 
Remind because. 
Error:
We'll have to keep track. 
05 which notes are currently being pressed. 
Pregnant remember when i did the demos.. 
Don't musical. 
If i was pressing down on five keys at the same time. 
The meat events i was listening to or alternating. 
Hope i all of these five notes. 
So. 
That means that we have to keep track of whether user has press. 
But given taco for the note on events that we have seen right. 
Error:
Sms to keep something press there's no not off event. 
Opening for it. 
So i want presto 512 the same time so why different times every starting. 
A knot in my processing. 
What are the notes are accounted being pressed by the user. 
So that i can actually get home. 
Iterate over all of them. 
Error:
Error:
Little set colour notes right so so. 
What can i use it for that purpose. 
Idaho go to process block i'm so you've seen it already. 
Play my slides. 
Design initializer method you can use to solve settings out before you do any of the processing. 
I just go prepare to play. 
As you can see here and this is jambalaya. 
Clearing basically initializing to an empty side of nose. 
Explain later. 
Error:
And also. 
I am. 
Getting this which is the sample rate. 
And installing it in a separate volume. 
Error:
So that is something that again comes from the old world. 
But basically tells us. 
What is. 
The length of its time figured in the buffer subway receive right. 
So the rate tells us. 
How many. 
Error:
Time to use per second. 
Do we have. 
Ida. 
This will allow us to subdue some timing. 
Calculations to see when do we need to create. 
Meet events. 
Error:
Error:
You know that there's going to be. 
Error:
44000 time periods per second resolution we have or could be something a lot less. 
Error:
Itennis case. 
Sepulveda saint but that tells us right to the house to give his information and we started. 
Okay with that static cast of loud but magically started into the right vertebral level, using a code in a second. 
All right so then again all the processing takes place in process block. 
I told this look at the code. 
Detail. 
Error:
The first line care is just annotation that there's no. 
Channel audio channels of input. 
It's something that they hiding example you can ignore it if you want. 
Ready for the advancement of this would be any audio. 
Kyle's coming in a from the bathroom. 
So that's the old-time information. 
Upset already comes from the old your buffer that dust how juice is set up. 
Basically says how many time peter's do we have rights or the number of samples. 
Christmas is a time videos that that is belphegor sponsor so maybe is buffer has. 
128 time periods in each one of them and meet event may happen or may not happen. 
Error:
So that's otherwise so let's see we have how many times the number of samples we have. 
Error:
The next nigeria is interesting because that's what we actually get to use. 
Error:
Value of appreciation.. 
The time we get from their picture. 
Soundcloud. 
Error:
Tv example so let's go back to it. 
Double-click. 
On. 
Jesus. 
Right so and now getting here doesn't look great we're going to look at making it look to be better next week. 
But. 
Got a setup to 0.5 speed. 
Alright so if i do this then their possession sounds like. 
But i if i change the speed. 
Pakistan so you can hear this a lot. 
Slower if i make the other faster than its leg. 
So. 
This lighter then it's important we. 
Wanted to effects of what's happening so amazing. she'll be creating minivans faster or slower. 
Write any fact. 
Passiflora means. 
Every few samples and few time periods over every. 
I love more than beard. 
Error:
This formula here. 
I've definitely a lot of magic numbers. 
But that's what he does he takes the volume from the slider. 
Figures out at formula. 
That will translate. 
Based on this sample rate rising base of knowing how many time periods per second eagle translate to italian. 
Videos that we're going to use to say every so many creating. 
New minivans. 
With an x note that the user is pressing currently. 
Alright. 
Every so many. 
Time. we should be creating. 
Immediadent. 
Okay maybe he's armada buffer right up here. 
So. 
We're using the same. 
Ideas on the biggest example. 
Caribou call. 
Hates event metadata no desirable using carrier discovery that uses the auto keyboard of supply stores. 
Weights. 
Business as well based on the. 
Return type of this method figure out where the type is because. 
Do you know what the other than type of this message. 
So in super smash you offering these days. 
The claritin cesaro because the computer graphic about what the tide must be. 
So it's sick of anything so you don't have to remember exactly what the time is. 
Daiquiri places in elmwood being exactly the same. 
Okay. 
Error:
So we basically getting into these msg variable. 
You can see that. 
Intensive all the input events. 
Are we looking at is. 
Okay if we get a note on event. 
Then. 
Let's add. 
I don't know number into. 
Lisaraye. 
Wait looks at what stores how many notes is the user currently pricing. 
Right so event means. 
President thinks i'm giving the appreciation then i decided to press one more.. 
At the same time so awkward 423 notes opponent. 
So i'll. 
Okay so let me this case adding into something to lisa raye. 
And conversely if i list of lift up on my fingers. 
Then i'm removing.. 
Notes from premier re-election so. 
What we do here is. 
Basically updating to know which notes are currently being pressed by the user. 
Error:
Completely clear. 
Pimple poppers. 
Make a buffer. 
Error:
We don't really care about the timing of these events or anything else all we care is that. 
Aquino witch. 
No. currently being pressed. 
We'll just keep creating events to iterate through these notes. 
Error:
So. 
We kept track of what are the other notes happy prestwood goat. 
Error:
So. 
In this last part. 
Basically his way up to creating. 
Error:
Events. 
Error:
Error:
Error:
Error:
Are you going to hear what i looking at. 
The time which is a variable that we could talk of winning solitaire 0 and. 
Every time i was at work. 
Adding up to it i was going to be here. 
And this is the number to a foot buffer. 
And is it the duration of the note. 
I got original based on that slider value. 
So what is your statement says basically well if it's lighter. 
How does application very slow then maybe in this particular before they won't be any more militants so if that's the case. 
We don't need to do anything that's every time and empty buffer right. 
But if the notification is very small so we creating events every few time.. 
Then we need to. 
Create a number. 
Error:
Set alarm. 
What's up. 
This laconiko then. it's exactly.. 
And i'll let you figure out exactly. 
Eyeworks by basically creating a calculation offset of the note and the size of the buffer instrument. 
Error:
And then. 
East. 
We actually have notes. 
Danny creator. 
Error:
First i did not offer went to finish the previous remember that. 
When we appreciating. 
And i know it stops and another girl starts right so. 
Every time. 
We need to stop the previous note. 
Uninstall another note. 
Error:
So this is basically tells us they're actually not maybe the prostitute. 
Sowell. 
It goes in an old happening which is larger than 0 meaning that wasn't an actual notice and it straightened out of ent. 
Error:
What are the current options. 
Lancets. 
Is last nobody to minors from saying maybe we'll don't have any more notes. 
By the way after notes that we keep track of is it sizes. 
That means.. 
Error:
There are more notes to appreciate so. 
Okay we'll figure out what is the current notes will go to the next alabama v-ray current notes tells us which element of the area what kind are you looking at. 
Then. 
But think about the note volume from. 
I got a re you store the actual number for that way. 
And then. 
Okay to note on event and say yeah let's have. 
Event risk mitigation channel on a particular note and then. 
About offset. 
I saw that's the time. 
Forum. 
For that event. 
Error:
So. 
That's basically what is happening we. 
Look at the improv events. 
Only nintendo knowing how. 
How many notes are currently being processed. 
Eliza. 
Tyrone outfit events. 
That. 
Panthers goal. 
Iterate through the array of notice currently playing. 
Trading events every so often to do their possession. 
Error:
I will finish that depends on the slider that we have. 
You know example. 
And. 
Who do some calculations to figure out. 
How many type of yours does this correspond. 
So what is the offset in the buffer. 
That's what showed up with that event.. 
Error:
And that's it. 
We just have to keep track. 
Open ever thinks that sanitizers. 
What is the cardinals being played what was the last note what is the current now with right where are we in this situation through the array. 
What's happening timewise right. 
Naughty side. 
Based on the value. 
Old farm. 
Put the slider. 
The. 
The location in the buffer. 
That we need to create event.. 
Well. 
Those antibiotics. 
I never going between two different notes. 
We may have some time videos. 
Of the space between two notes in one buffer and then we have to start it over. 
Wait for santa fe wasn't amphitheatre event tonight so we have to keep track. 
How far. 
What's going on. 
Timewise. 
Error:
So that's sad. 
What we're doing here. 
Error:
Alright so yeah that's it to make sure you understand is when you're killed their appreciation. 
Error:
Is it auto buffers that are i mean they're right the barbers the coarsegold at all. 
To actually vincent dimensional over to the beginning of the baffling fact most likely do not. 
So it's up to us as the. 
Program arrow said plug into guitar chords. 
What has happened to previous brothers. 
Right on that's why we have these assorted set of notes. 
And we have the time for that boat to know what we are so far and so on. 
So that we know what to do with a current.. 
Error:
So hopefully that helped a little bit. 
Is definitely. 
Quite a bit to taking you to. 
Play around with the codes even. 
Modify it and see what happens just try to understand. 
Exactly what's going on here. 
Okay so. 
I'll see you guys next time. 
You know where to find me if you have questions. 
Good luck with your wicked calling. 
Error:
Error:
