Hello so i just finished. 
The bots for wingate. 
What's the temperature for week 9. 
Sova. 
Take a look at the first thing on our list for this week is crystal complete. 
Reflect face for sammy to love you have done it already. 
If not. 
It should only take a minute or two so please log into peerscholar. 
Read the feedback you got for assignment 2 and 7/8. 
Your rating for it. 
So the deadline is friday night as usual. 
So make sure to do that. 
Before you continue with the rest. 
Jose mateo for this week. 
Auto study materials audio file formats. 
So there's a videos that you watch. 
Some sites to study and increase the complete on a class that was that's her last quiz for the course. 
You have until the end of the term. 
Number nine. 
To complete the quiz. 
Now there's also the next section of the unicorns to go through as usual. 
But other than that our focus is. 
Course the complete assignment 3. 
The deadline is of course a day or two after an expose meeting i love you already started. 
Error:
So but they're still. 
Other work to be done so make sure you. 
Are you i spend the time you need to to get to the point by nextbook meeting. 
I don't know what that as usual the rubric for the salmon three having posted it's under evaluation on the wiki page. 
I'll save you a good listener me some page a scholar you can find the replica there as well. 
Court announcement clarifications 473. 
Error:
Actually sent an update on a few minutes later so i apologize for this ignore the first one. 
Just look at the second one. 
So i'll make sure to take it out with that single will have some useful kids for you there. 
Noel. 
Well then we coming up make sure to utilize a discussion board. 
Error:
To get all your questions answered as early as possible. 
She's about to let you file. 
You don't ask me something directly from the circus screen or anything just email make for is amazing i'm happy to do those as well. 
I tried to ponce. 
I got surgery for now good luck with your work on a cemetery and i'll see you next week. 
