Error:
Hello. 
So i just finished. 
Apartments for week 395. 
Interrupted by your car registered so. 
Imma finish that malibu later today but. 
It was good to see that most of you are well on the way with coding assignment 1. 
And i'm sure all of you will get there very soon. 
Now for the next week for our focus will definitely be on. 
Completing an assignment one. 
Error:
I misspoke paintings are basically it one or two days before the deadline. 
And seems that's basically means coding and cody means bags. 
I've repaired the little video. 
On debugging with juice night available on wikipedia already. 
So take it out i think it would be quite helpful once we get to the natick radio. 
Coding on your assignment. 
Also i would have to complete the user interface for apply again before the submission of course. 
So. 
The material for this week is mostly on. 
Likely components of juice. 
So opposed to that looks links to another tutorials about it. 
Error:
How about tutorials on glee components such as. 
Combo boxes on bottoms and sliders and so on. 
Are you my when i get for your user interface. 
As you may have found already some of the sartorius. 
If you don't know them inside the compound directly don't work right off the box. 
Cuz paths are setting and correctly and someone. 
So. 
Done try to compel them just. 
Get the code from them and placed it into it with your uncle. 
Set alarm. 
If you have a plug-in already work such as the star dakota they gave you. 
Then. 
You can just see how do you use about 10 how to get user, box. 
Kobe. collision. 
Error:
Modified to defeat units. 
So far. 
Layouts for your plugin. 
Error:
Of course you should make sure that the first components. 
And i'll go eat. 
I laid on your way that makes sense and they look nice. 
I'd. 
That's why your plugins is not very big. 
So you can't even have a six size for the window fixed sights for the window right and then just lay everything out using absolute coordinates. 
If you like. 
Error:
Does that provide layered managers she may have seen another boyfriend works. 
So you can make it look gigi look nice even if you resize the window and things like that but. 
It's not necessary to use it for this course. 
As long as you put things nicely so things are centered and there's no like wasted space. 
I think i got then. 
You'll be okay. 
Now i have also posted a rubric for samuel 1. 
Error:
So look under evaluation. 
On the wiki page for it. 
It will also be available through the assignment submission length. 
Starting are a class soon today or tomorrow. 
So take a look at the republican so you'll see how your submission will be evaluated by your peers and also by the ta. 
Error:
So that's what we help you focus on different parts to make sure you get. 
The best marketing get. 
So that's it for remorse of it as always there is a material this week on unity. 
So the next section 8 has been assigned. 
I'm sure by now you're familiar with. 
Burlington. 
Learning situation at the moment. 
Error:
They tell me that yoke is under a 10-day grace.. 
So you should be able to see lots of course. 
So. 
I've assigned the material for this week. 
Of course do they sell your own pace. 
And so on. 
Hopefully will not we will not have a disruption in terms of access to the online course going forward. 
But i will keep you updated on it. 
Error:
For now you should be able to access. 
If not let me know. 
Error:
Good luck with codeine salmon one has always feel free to use the discussion forum if you have problems. 
Or email me so we can have resumed discussion if you prefer that if you want to sell your screen and show me what the problem is. 
Error:
I'm quite. 
Flexible intensive doing that. 
It's the last week before the deadline so i would like to. 
Help you guys get there. 
Without you my brother. 
Okay. 
So i'll see you next weekend about meetings. 
And. 
Error:
Error:
