Error:
Hello. 
So just finished with but meetings for week 9. 
Of course i mean three. 
He's going i sorta i really could work for some of you. 
Good luck with finishing everything by sunday. 
Error:
The submission process 473 is very similar to what was in the other assignments so you shouldn't have any problem there. 
Again make sure to do it well ahead of the deadline. 
There is one extra step was is zipping in submitting the resources follow with the impulse responses. 
No problem. 
Getting to work. 
So as always i'll be as available as i can before the deadline even doing the weekend this time. 
Pakistani bell me a half an hour before the deadline on sunday night that's not going to work. 
As usual the rest of the videos about what will do going forward. 
After their semi-fitted deadlines so. 
Tell me some things to go do that and then come back and what's the rest of this. 
No for sofas usual preschool i will send you too. mason's 473. 
So you'll provide feedback. 
Hide again everyday starts with carefully. 
Provide as detailed feedback as possible. 
The deadline snow friday night. 
For a fourth of a fever. 
473. 
After that it's on to game audio unity. 
So start by completing. 
Section 9 of the unity course was indeed on adding audio to video games. 
If you're behind on the unity course make sure to catch up this week otherwise you'll be in trouble. 
So. 
As long as we're there then i next week we'll be able to talk about unix unity scripting. 
And get something for going. 
There's also a set of slides on the business processes of game audio. 
Error:
Mexican train. 
For your own interest is not really doesn't apply to smg4. 
No. 
Error:
I-74 is all about adding audio to an existing unity video game. 
So your first task is in fact to find such a game to work with. 
You can choose any of the sample games like i'm with unity. 
All you can find any other open-source game. 
Online on guitar. 
Error:
So. 
It may take a while to find the right game to work with so make sure to get started on the process as soon as possible. 
Make sure the game is not too complicated. 
But at the same time not too easy either is so not too simple because we'll need to include a few different things. 
In there as the assignment explains. 
If a game you want to work with already has sound. 
That's not a problem but you will have to replace all the sounds for salmon for. 
Now once you have a game start looking for sounds that you were used right. 
You could record your own sounds if you want. 
But there's lots of ways to find someone's online i've posted a few links. 
On the course outline. 
But as many other options as well so you'll need to do a little bit of searching to find the right sounds like you want to use. 
Or the sandwich will be. 
Cosby show total changed processed. 
But you need to find the raw material to work with. 
Can i use a free doll like audacity to. 
Stream the audio files necessary. 
All even apply effects of them if you want. 
Error:
And then you'll have audio files that you can load into unity to. 
Do use for your game. 
As you've seen already. 
Indeonline. 
Error:
Alright same preparation for next week's pod meetings and make sure you study all this material on game audio. 
I take a look at us 74 and study that as well start looking for your games. 
So we can discuss all of this and resolve any questions you might have to in the appointment. 
Okay that's it for now good luck with the cemetery and i'll see you next week. 
