Culligan. 
Just finished week 4. 
Both meetings. 
One day before their salmon run deadline. 
I'm really good stuff happening i hope you are doing well have this will be. 
Let me busy in the next. 
32 hours or so. 
Until the deadline. 
So proud of you make sure to look at the assignment once at mission page well before the deadline. 
Especially if you're never used peerscholar before which is what we use for the ps estimates in this course. 
So you may take a little bit of time to familiarize yourself with holly works so don't do that. 
5 minutes before the deadline. 
That would be very. 
Frustrating for you i think. 
I'll be available. 
As much as i can until the deadline. 
Error:
But you know don't email me at 11:30 on friday night you might be out of luck at that point. 
Are you doing friday for sure i'll try to answer all. 
Questions on discussion board. 
Emails. 
Be available for zoom meetings also. 
No the rest of this video is about what will happen after 71. 
So weak you haven't finished it yet then just. 
Go do that and then come back and what's that. 
This video later. 
Cuz this basically about. 
Going forward. 
Okay first of what will happen. 
After friday. 
A night. 
Pierce college. 
A submission covid-19. 
For you to provide free.com. 
Error:
Please read the instructions on how to do that with carefully. 
I'm provide a detailed feedback as possible. 
As you probably know a third of your marks for its assignment. 
Is based on the feedback you provide. 
So be sure to do a good job there. 
The harbour. 
One week to provide a feedback so the deadline for that is again friday before midnight. 
After that it song 2. 
A new section of the course developing audio plugins. 
On assignment to which is already published. 
So. 
Started looking at all the slides and videos about digitizing audio that i posted. 
Is it able to go through but the important takeaway for our course is that basically a digital audio signal. 
He's a series of numbers. 
When we started numbers in a file that usually 16 bates or 24-bit integers. 
That one we process them. 
Lisa. 
I dissolved their workstation or juice this case. 
We deal with the real numbers between -1 and 1. 
Wright's allowable signal. 
Error:
Series of real numbers. 
Between -1 and 1. 
That's what we will process basically for assignment 2. 
Gazelle audio is. 
The sampling rate. 
Craigslist tells us. 
How many samples. 
How many of these real numbers we have. 
Per second. 
I saw for jumbo youth assembly babies 48,000 parrots. 
48 khz. 
This means that if i have a buffer of 48,000 samples. 
48000 numbers. 
Then i'm looking at. 
One second. 
Capaldi. 
Alright. 
Audio processing gun. 
He's changing his numbers. 
Anyway who like. 
To create. 
Effects such as delay which is what we're doing, too. 
Or distortion on reverb that will see later. 
Play so we want to change that. 
The way are audio sounds. 
Anyway that's. 
Make santora's. 
The only way to do this is by changing these numbers. 
And. 
We'll use just to do that in this car. 
So incorporation for next week's postmates then make sure you study all the material diseases you no deal. 
As well as the timing to make sure you really understand what it asks. 
So we can discuss it and resolve any questions you may have during the the pot winnings. 
Finally. 
The material for this week also includes the next section of the online unity course. 
As usual. 
As you may have seen already your cousin new contract with linkedin learning. 
So there should be no disruption in. 
Accessing the course. 
And no problems.. 
Okay. 
I'll see you next week. 
Error:
