Hello. 
So just finished the point of meetings for week 6 right almost there with the 72. 
So some really good stuff. 
Others have a bit more work to do but i'm quite happy with what i see so far. 
So make sure you submit it was before the deadline submission process is very similar to surprises there. 
But still. 
Make sure those who do that before the deadline. 
As before how will try to be as available as i can before the deadline so if you have questions about the assignment email me i'm happy to answer them. 
Discussion board. 
Zoom with mania. 
Sometime early on friday. 
Text on email me at 11:30 on friday night. 
That's not going to work. 
Error:
So the rest of the video is of course about what happens after 72. 
So i guess i finish sometime i too. 
Go do that and then come back and what's the rest of this video. 
Error:
Herself will happen of course as before is bushkill i was going to send you a sammy sosa 472. 
To provide feedback on so same ideas before. 
Read instructions carefully provide as detailed feedback. 
Yukon. 
The deadline is. 
Again next friday before midnight for your bff. 
After that. 
It's onto audio effects and a simon 3. 
I've already posted a few slides and videos on audio effects to start by looking all that. 
Get an idea of what these are. 
There's actually an in-class quiz i know your facts you have to complete so. 
Find automotive. 
The deadline is as usual about a month from now. 
And 73 is the main thing i guess going forward. 
So that will be implementing a river. 
So pay close attention to that effect. 
I'm actually understand what it is. 
Yosemite self that started code couple videos i'm sorry codes will be posted. 
By tomorrow so keep an eye out for them. 
That is quite a bit of material. 
So how. 
Make sure you take the time to study all the time before next appointment in. 
Next week. 
So. 
Take a look at the material. 
Oswego cemetery make sure you understand and we can discuss it again resolve any questions you may have doing the pod meetings next week. 
Alright finally as usual for this week also includes the next section of the unity course. 
Only three weeks until we get to actually use going today for semi for so. 
Shuffle her behind with it. 
Error:
Don't have a lot to do to catch up otherwise. 
Okay so that's about the. 
From me for now. 
Error:
Go. 
Error:
Error:
On the other weapons for weather next month. 
See you next week. 
