Hello everybody and welcome to ecs 4462. 
As you know already this course will be offered in a remote learning format. 
I've made of the courses this year. 
I know case this means a couple things. 
First of all they will be no tests or exams in this course. 
Pretty much all your marks are based on programming assignments. 
It's a couple of online quizzes worth only 4%. 
But basically just. 
Audio program. 
The second thing is that there will be no lectures no zoom lectures where i get to talk for hours and everybody is bored. 
Error:
It's bicycling audio programming course so that's where we're going to focus on so our meeting times. 
I'm going to be just an opportunity for you to ask questions about the assignments. 
Resolve any program he says you may have. 
That kind of thing. 
Without reason. 
Divided the class into 6 pods. 
It's boss has up to seven students. 
And the ideas.. 
Doing your part time slots will be about half an hour. 
Error:
Those citizens will have. 
The invention of the doctor so we'll have some clothes contacts so we can address all your concerns or questions about the assignments. 
Salon. 
So take a look at our classmates are moodle page to see the time slot that you've been assigned.. 
And then logging using the zoom link that i will post. 
And we can discuss the first week. 
Error:
Error:
You're welcome to join doing the timer time slots of other pods butt. 
Priority will be given to the students that are in the pod. 
For privacy reasons the pod meetings will not be recorded. 
I will be always available if you have a question on stephen outside the pods i'll be happy to answer by email on a discussion board even by zumba if you like. 
Now the way the course is going to work is its week i'll look past. 
Study materials video slides. 
Notes. 
And you should study days before coming to the party meeting. 
I knew you would get a lot more out of the party meeting. 
If i got to study the material. 
And then come to the park. 
Also it's week i'll have a set of goals to achieve like what. 
Should you. 
No on top down by now. 
So that you know you're on track with a course. 
Matsunaga for behind the covering the course. 
So. 
I think these goals every week we will help you make sure that you're on truck. 
Error:
That is the first week so for the first week there is little to do before. 
Our first meeting. 
Error:
What that's got to start it. 
So take a look under course outline on a wiki page that's where i'll be posting all the material for every week. 
All the goals for the weekend salon. 
Error:
Really our goal for this first week is to make sure that you have all the necessary software. 
Installed if you'll be working. 
Computer on the programming assignments. 
Or if not. 
That you're familiar with a virtual programming love that you can use all the software is already installed there. 
Also will start a little bit.. 
Medic versus what i first assembly on. 
If you don't know what billy's then just take a look at some of the siding material there but really all we need to know at this point. 
He's admitted he's a file format. 
What protocol for communicating music events. 
I such as say. 
The middle c note is played very loud on the piano for 2 seconds. 
Somebody like that that's a music event. 
So. 
It's a format we don't really have to worry exactly about how the formula is playing a file. 
Bapi tawil use to do our assignments will take care of all these details for us. 
So at this point only to understand. 
He's admitting is that information about. 
Music events. 
Haha very good direction and a particular loudness answer. 
Error:
Once you get that. 
Then you should have to be able to read and understand the first assignment it's already been posted. 
So take a look at that and i'll be happy to answer any questions you know first meeting. 
Will talk to you in about. 
How to do any of the programming require for the assignment but no worries that will be our goal. 
For next week. 
For this week i want to make sure he's wearing the stand the assignment. 
And we'll we'll be ready to get started once next week's material gets posted which way very soon. 
Let's wait for me for now for the first week i'll try to post a short video like this. 
I tried to get five or six minutes every week. 
Error:
Does describing the whole idea for the course for the week. 
Otherwise it will be materials that you guys can look at your own pace. 
That's it for now. 
Figure out the pota meetings. 
This week. 
