Hello again. 
Just finished the first round of appointments next week. 
Summerly instant discussion today i really enjoyed it as well. 
Cuz if you go searching for the next week so let's get started so this is an overview of. 
What the second week will look like in the chorus. 
First of the defeated orioles on juice to go through those will get us ready for a 71. 
So. 
As before taking course outline on a wiki page. 
And follow the instructions there. 
Also discuss today most of the pods i recommend using visual studio 2019 as your id as you go through this. 
This will work well with unity later as well. 
If you prefer to use xcode on a mac. 
Error:
That will work fine also. 
Are these are the two main ideas. 
Tutus for the car. 
Now in assembly one who got the developer of america login. 
So that is a picture software that receives meet events. 
Modifies them in some way. 
So as with any plug-in architecture. 
The plug-in must be installed is some host application that will provide the input events. 
And receive the opera events. 
If you're familiar with digital audio workstation does. 
Like the time you can actually install the plugins will do this course there and test them there. 
But those are expensive. thankfully. 
Juice provides an audio plugin cost that you can use for this purpose. 
So you actually get to. 
Creative tutorials. 
So make sure not to skip that step. 
Error:
As the toriel that i have posted. 
So will you know about getting to actual or your programming so for sure there's going to be some questions. 
Especially about the last tutorial wearily guessing to the nitty-gritty. 
So don't wait until the next party meeting to ask him. 
Because of this custom for them to get help. 
Automation before i get email every time anybody parcel discussion forum so. 
I'm hoping to provide on service as promptly as possible. 
Error:
Always a good idea to check the discussion for maybe your question has already been answered by. 
Another post. 
Question that already received in the politics is. 
How do you get these tools like juice and visual studio to work together. 
Compile a test of luckiness so on. 
So i would prefer i small video tutorial on this santa posted tomorrow. 
Under this video. you just watching right now. 
Now there's a lot of goals for the week. 
Does study material this week on the physics of sound. 
Discourses about digital audio. 
So what happens inside a computer. 
But it still has to be there producer sound waves for us to hear that make is going to be useful so. 
Wanted to know if she thinks about is how sound do waves work. 
This is a fresca.. 
I will buy some some more things as the course goes along when they become irrelevant. 
Note that there is a five-question quiz. 
Only class about. 
This topic. 
It's an open book. 
You have the most to do it so it's going to be hard at all to get full marks but you might want to sort of get it out of the way. 
Sooner than later. 
It's worth 1% of your coursework. 
And that's about it. 
Now the last thing as of mentioned a few times in the last part of the ghost we will use unity to audio to a video game. 
For that you'll need to be familiar with the basics of unity before getting to the audio parts. 
So. 
For this reason i recommend learning about unity. 
Before we get to that part of the course cuz otherwise it would be already too much to do after all that point. 
Thankfully york university has a subscription with linkedin learning. 
That has a pretty good online course for the basics of unity. 
So what i will do is every way kyle would be assigning a section from the course. 
So far this week ago lisa go through their introduction in the first section of the course so i have. 
The links. 
9 course outline. 
With the unity stuff you're welcome to follow along at your own pace all right if you want to sort of living for a couple weeks and then catch up that will probably work out okay. 
But i would say it's probably about idea to leave everything for the last few weeks of the course cuz especially if you never use unity before it will be a little bit too much to to absorb. 
And that's it for this week. 
Right that covers all the stuff will discuss next week in the pod meetings. 
Okay good luck with everything and i'll see you on the discussion board. 
Needlepoint meetings next week. 
