Error:
Okay. 
So this is a video about. 
Beastie audio player. 
The time i'm going to get it to also demonstrate the code for 73. 
Error:
So one of the things we. 
Didn't do 470 ways to actually have. 
Error:
Apologia files playing to test. 
A code. 
Using the medium plaits. 
Most efficient 472. 
People may need. 
Ellie better imports so. 
Just unfortunate does not provide an audio file player but you find mine on guitar that seems to work fairly well. 
So i'm just going to tell you how to use it as well. 
Okay so we need to get it from from github i've already posted to the giver l. 
It's so i'll get it directly here and you'll see that one side. 
Logging there there is a producer file that i can use. 
To the compound so i double click it or unlock the stay open. 
And bring up the producer. 
There's a couple things to do before we bring it up in xcode first under settings. 
It's not something that you have to do but i like to actually do this so i can find my plug in adobe cs 4462. 
But more importantly the plug-in formats and you'll see that. 
Stand-alone is checked here and i don't want that. 
So. 
Basalt lopez actually has a bug so we want to avoid. so just make sure that only vista to hear he's checked. 
Identify the corner you'll see that you get videostudio exploder by the falls b when work so. 
Just. 
Go here and alex codes and effect. 
Delete the results to order. 
And i will tell you to go windows you don't have to do this last step. 
All right so as soon as i explained everything to xcode. 
I can compile. 
And the good thing is that this flagging compiles right off the box. 
As opposed to some other plugins just black as you can find a gas up. 
But don't work until 6. 
So. 
Will see that. 
It will come by okay. 
I take little bits but. 
Bb. 
Problem. 
Talk to see like we might get some. 
Deprecated warnings. 
But. 
That's not a problem we. 
Don't have to. 
Worried about those. 
Okay so. 
If i can meet him at sakura weight kampala vst3. 
Alright. 
So no wonder the audio blogging host. 
I just got when we have it and you plug in. 
We superhero and scan for newark de plugins. 
I know he shows up. 
So i can actually bring it up here on the acs. 
4462. 
Play psychedelic wicked will see the glory for it. 
Error:
And. 
Celibate. 
Finicky i would say but they're the best way i found two to sort of yesterday's says.. 
Atway file. 
Enter the glade and a legitimately so i got a song from bensound.com. 
What is a great side for copyright free music. 
Target in. 
And of course i have to connect. 
Error:
This to my audio output. 
And if i click. 
Homebase. 
Error:
Wait for my way we'll start playing i went to that yet because. 
The one thing about it is that there's no way. 
But if i sold parameters here i'll get this little window that gives me a bypass for the plug-in that i can use to start and stop. 
It's a great believe that we should be better buddy he doesn't jump for us so. 
Error:
We go with it so. 
Isaiah preciado. 
I saw the audio place and of course later on we're going to route that to our assignments will come put some affectionate in someone. 
And i can't use the bypass button to turn it on and off as i'd like to. 
Error:
Adam doing testing with my with my code. 
Error:
And that's why the gate so now you have. 
Notify laneway file that you can play. 
And i can start and stop with using this little creek. 
And then you can ride out with you. 
2. 
The usmnt coach. 
Error:
See you in the next video. 
But. 
