SPEAKER 0
Okay, so welcome everyone to class meeting to, this is for section B. We're getting started now. Um let's see here, 35 participants, not everyone is here who I'm expecting but it is the case that E class is either extremely slow or down completely and that's just going to be like a bad effect on our class today, which is very unfortunate but I'm going to have a look here on the discard. Yeah. Okay. Can someone post in the discord channel class discussions the zoom link so people can get in. Thank you. Yeah, I sit down. If it's down then we can we can do some of our class meeting without E class being up. Thank you. Show goes like solid always is ready with the link, awesome. And uh could that person also please put it in the chat of the zoom? Yeah, yeah, the discord link into. Okay, good, awesome. Okay, so our agenda for today is a repeat of what we just did in the section A class meeting. So number one, I'm gonna, well, I wanted to walk through the E class site to point out some of the features and the content that has been added. Number two, we're going to test drive the breakout session functionality of zoom. We're going to go into the breakout rooms, get to know your pod mates and then come back and number three we're going to go through resource pack the first resource packed in the strand called humans and users and those three things take 80 minutes at least they did last time, but if the class doesn't come up then the first of those 33 things, I'm not going to be able to do very much. Ah okay, so this is already loaded. So I'm just going to talk before I try and like follow any links. So in the shared screen here is the landing page for the class E class site and I've made it, we'll make it larger, nope too big. So I just want to talk about a few things and I think I can do part of this even though he classes down just on the basis of this. Okay, so first I want to point out, is that what you're seeing here is the version of the E class site for me logged in as a fake student. See this here, demo student Belco. So I'm attempting to fake being a student in the class but it's not 100% perfect. So sometimes I have to ask the class like how does this look to you because this student of you is not 100% my view is an instructor looks totally different here. I can show you just, if you're curious, this is what I see. Right? So it's a, it's like a big mess. Yeah, so this is like the edit view of this nice thing here. So it's not what we call whiskey, but wig. Um, so this thing here, your progress is really important. I want to point that out and I'm not going to click on it because I don't want to lose my thing. Talked about user interfaces. I know, believe me. The irony of the crappy UI for E class for teaching the course UI is not lost on me at all. It's brutal. Uh This is what I want to point out to you. This course progress. So this is going to be the number of squares here is going to be added to over the term as things get added as modules get added as activities. So these things include participating in class meetings, practice things that you should do, not that you're getting graded on them. But you need to do these things that are to function in the course as well as assignments and things. So you can for a lot of these things, check them off yourself but some of them can only be checked off once you've submitted an assignment and you receive a grade for it. If you want to know how you are in terms of the grated components, you can go to the grade book and set up now. Each of the 10 modules. Wait 10% and all the things that you are going to do to earn your grades will appear there and the weights are going to be according to. I don't know if I have you know, watch this. It's going to crap out. Maybe it will come back. Yeah, hang on, I'm gonna look for an overview. Hang on a sec. Maybe I have a tab with it open. Uh huh. I don't even have a, what I want to be doing is entering into this lake and showing you an overview of the module. But e classes down. So instead what I'm gonna do is I'm going to say for each module we have a number of tabs. Maybe you've seen them the overview and then learn practice, share, assess and reflect. And the greatest components are shown in each of the assess and reflect tabs. So here you have three activities Under the assess. So there's gonna be a quiz worth two Activity. One that's going to be individual. It will be worth 4%. There's a pod based activity that we're going to do next class. So that's Friday for you folks. And then a reflection at the end of the module that's going to be worth 1%. And here is an example of when you go to a module, you can see whether it's open or not, sorry for the message. And what I do is exposed to you in advance the grading criteria in a form like this. So there's a number of attributes and then we have expectations with respect to each of them. And the grading consists of adjudicating whether you meet expectations on all of these things and these things get translated into a numerical score at the end. Yeah, I usually calibrate the scoring. So that if you meet expectations, you do what is asked then that gives you a grade on the border between B and B plus. So that's just like if you just do what's asked, you're going to get like either a B or B plus in the course right on the border there. If you go above and beyond like the basic expectations. That's where you get into these seas expectations. And that's the A. And A plus territory. The other thing I want to point out is that some activities they appear they're not yet open C. This doesn't open until Wednesday. That's the start of section A. But the reflection is already open. So these things get tagged differently whether they're released or not. And there's a practice activity called kelly. Understanding the difference between launched and and launched activities which you can complete and when you complete that it shows up. Oh look it's back. I think e class came back. See now this is responsive. Can you see? So here are things you see this is changing. So these are things that you have to submit. These are uh practice things you have to do here. And these are class meetings. So I just wanted to flag some of these things. You can flag yourself. Oh no, it's not fixed. All right. And someone asked in the last section. Yeah. Uh like what is the meaning of this? How does this get used? So I just want to talk about that briefly. So you are taking this course you want to learn. I totally get that. And you also want to have a grade and you probably want to have a good grade. So you're probably going to be really monitoring the grade book because you want to see your grades, but it's not all about doing things that get graded. You have to learn things and practice things before you can do the grading. So that's what this is all about. This is about not just the greatest stuff, but what you have to do in order to lead up into getting graded and a lot of these things are self directed. You check them off once you've done them. I also use this information in the following way. Let me show you. Oh, I should have done that. Okay, here. So I can see an overview of everyone in the course and what they've checked off. And I don't penalize or like do anything with this information other than to see like, take the pulse of the class. Like where are people doing? Are they like attending class? Are they completing the practice pieces? I know that not everyone checks off the thing. So it's not a perfect indicator, but I can also see like for a student, if they haven't submitted stuff, they haven't submitted anything for module, then I have this over this view of it. And I can sort it depending on who's done the most or who has done the least. So here so far this person Got 33% of all the things done. I think this was as of four this morning. This tab is not refreshed because the classes down, so this isn't the instructor of you. You don't get to see that, you only get to see your own personal view. But I just wanted to show you what that's like. Okay, so what I've covered, the grade book is set up, look there for your grades, the progress bar is set up. It's going to be changing as we go through the modules. Now it's up to module one, but the next module I'll add in the things. So this is gonna be expanding. You should try to check off the things when you do them. I can't show you an example because this is you know, maybe this will work. Now. I'm trying to be chill about it and not get all angry, but honestly this is frustrating beyond words. Oh, okay, look, it worked. Okay, so here's module one. Every module has an overview tab. Let me just show you two views of the same information. Okay. Of course, schedule. So here's a detailed view of the Module has overview and then each of five tabs. We also have under course schedule. This kind of table. What are the modules? What are the class meetings? What are the resource packs? Sorry, this should be here. What things are do and what its weight. I know James, that's totally the case E class starts to work well not because they do anything but just because the load goes down, it's true. Right? Okay. So there's a lot of information in this course and I am totally empathize with the situation that it's challenging to stay on top of it. So I prepared the overview to have everything and then the details in each of the tabs. So want to learn. These are the things you have to do to learn. You have to come to class. These are self check it off, you check them off yourself except now it's not functioning. I've checked it off these ones here, you can check them on or off as you want but they're not part of your progress. And as well you need to engage with these resource packs. So that's what we're going to do is agenda item three today, engage with this, we're going to do this on Wednesday. Okay. Uh so that's learned. Then there's things you need to do to practice knowledge, to practice skills. You don't get graded on it. But nonetheless you need to do these things because you have to be able to do the course work. Right? So I have a bunch of these at the beginning, there are a lot of really basic things, but later they're going to become more nuanced more detailed. So today we're going to do this, we're going to practice the breakout rooms if you successfully go into the break out rooms and you know, work with that. You can check it off. Um you can look at the discord server, you can send your pod mates a message in the discord server. Many of you have done that already. You can mark it as done. I'd like you to at least know how to send a good message even if you never use it. I just want you to see that it's there and then maybe we can critique it. The idea of it later. And the other thing was I was mentioning was understanding launched and launched graded activities to understand these like codes right? Where are they? I lost my tab. Oh sorry Share. We're going to do some sharing in the course. It's just not set up yet assessment. So here you can see in the overview that the 10% for the module is announced. So these things add up to 10%. There'll be a quiz right at the end of the module. So it will open on monday and close on Tuesday or no story. Open on Tuesday. Close on Wednesday 2%. You're gonna have a reflection activity. So I'm going to ask you to reflect on what you've learned and what it means. Honestly, it's like really easy to exceed expectations. I don't, you know, adjudicate what you're, the content of your reflection is. I just want to see that you do something meaningful. Like, you know, you just don't write some blah blah. Like I want to see that you engage with it and that the u at least identify how the course connects with your existing knowledge or how it talks about things that are interest to you or of relevance for your future practice. And then there's two uh activities. So this one is individual. You're going to have to do something on your own and then next class you're going to work in your pod to complete this thing is worth 3%. So that's why we're practicing today in the breakout room so that we have the conditions of success to do this on friday. Okay. So I've talked about the great book, I've talked about the progress for, I've walked through the modules. I guess maybe the only other thing I want to do is point out how modules are flagged as either non flipped or flipped. So a non flipped kids non flipped. If he classes working will give you a description of what that means. So non flute means basically you can come to class and everything you need to do is going to be given to you in the class flipped means there's prep work and we come and have the class meeting assuming that you've done the prep work. If you haven't done it, it's like a real problem. You're gonna not be able to do the class activities and the class activities are graded so therefore it's going to have an impact on your marks. So this module, it goes all the way until next week. It's three classes long and it's a non flick module. But the next module, it's going to start a week Wednesday for you. The materials are always going to be posted on Mondays, so there's prep work, but you have just this window to do it. So I want you to point out the non flipped and the flipped and if the class we're working, you would get pop ups to explain what these things are. Okay? So I think I'm done flagging the things that I think I wanted to flag. So now is the time if anyone has questions about the e class, website comments or anything, Diego. Go ahead. Yeah, I just have a quick question. Um classes down. Um We're still going to have the, we have a quiz tomorrow. Right? No, not tomorrow. Next Tuesday. Next Tuesday. Okay, so so what do we have to do for this week's time, aren't you? Uh So you have to be here today. You have to see that you can go into the break out room start to meet your pod mates. You have to listen. Well we discuss the first resource pack about humans and users because that is necessary for Wednesday and you just have to generally like, you know, feel good, But where we are because on Wednesday we're going to do an activity and that activity is going to be graded for right now. We're still getting things up and running. Yeah, on Wednesday we're going to do the first activity of the module. Yes, I'm going to launch the individual and the group activity we're going to do in class. The individual activity. You'll do a synchronously after, like outside of class time. Okay? Okay, so it's good, thank you. Okay. Um so we're gonna do wait, Lars Lars you're saying? Well, I guess I can't figure it out. What are you referring to? Where can we find our assigned pod number? Okay, so Good kai has posted the link. So this is, you know, we're being affected by the E class down. Let me talk about the pods. They're six pods for section B of approximately 12 members each. A few pots have 13 members. Uh they are assigned randomly. And I have here in the module, the link that tells you how to find your pod, but it's down. So you are still going to find out because I'm going to launch the breakout rooms. So if there's no more questions about the class site, we're going to move on to meeting your pod mates. Uh Park gave is asking do we have only money for doing prep work for flip module or we can we do it anytime between monday and Wednesday. So you have uh that small window, I'm generally gonna be posting with the teaching team all the materials monday afternoon and we're expecting one hour prep. So you should anticipate meeting one hour of your time between monday mid afternoon and the start of class Wednesday. So you have that window there and yes you can say you know section A. Has from monday to friday. Yes they have more time. But the the deadlines are always the same for both uh sections, which is the Tuesday after the monday class. So yes you have class Wednesday. No you have class friday. I'm sorry I'm mixing the two sections section and be both meet on Mondays. And then the second meeting is Wednesday per section A. And friday for section B. So you meet friday and I'm sorry for mixing that up. It is friday. Yes. Yeah, more time. Okay so you guys get more time. Section eight gets less time. So you're the blessed ones. Okay, so now E classes down E class has a thing that says what is my learning pot and you can see who you're learning part is. You can go on to discord each learning pod has a channel but you don't know what your your pot is yet. So let's do that now. So let me just say I have learned from experience that we need to do a test drive of the breakout rooms because things sometimes screw up. Although with section eight before this it worked perfectly fine. It was flawless and it was amazing and I was like shocked. So hopefully that happens again. Uh Oh someone yeah, hi, you have a screenshot that's like really on the ball, impressive. That's cool. Uh Yeah, I do that. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to start the breakout rooms, so let me just explain a little bit about that. What the heck? Oh, Oh, zoom. Didn't remember my breakout rooms. All right, so okay. Big. Yeah. Sad indeed. Okay, so this is important, we have to do this. So here's what we're gonna do and I'm sorry because it's a royal pain, but I'm going to end the zoom. I'm gonna set up the file with. I have I just have to plop it in, it's going to take like two minutes and then I'm going to restart it. So we're going to leave and come back because there's too many people to manually assign and we have to do it automated. I apologize. That's a real snafu, but we're going to just I have it as CSP the problem is zoom. I brought the csd in and I saved it but it's not safe so I really don't know what happened. Okay, so we'll find out what padron, so I'm gonna leave and just I'm going to restart it, Sorry and let's see, I have 57 people here, I want 57 back in like two minutes. Okay, So we're all clear on that. Any questions? Okay. Wait, give someone posts the discord invites to Dylan in the chat there. Got it. Good. You have time to go, like get a short drink, stretch your legs, but honestly like just come back right away, leave and then try and rejoin. Okay, So we're good on this. I'm going to end the meeting and I'm going to restart it. See you in like one minute.
